 A wildly monotonous film that operates at one volume - fortissimo - bludgeoning us over the head into either submission or exhaustion.
 It all means to be disturbing, magical and original, but that does not stop my mouth to occasionally issue a yawn. 
 If you want to see stuff blowing up for two hours straight and don't care about a story or character development, then this is the movie for you. But I need a lot more out of a film.
 If you're a hardcore computer gamer inured to marathon sessions of annihilation while being pulverised by Death Metal from wall-to-wall speaker stacks, this may be the movie for you. For myself, not so much.
 The endless action of the film's third act ensures that Mad Max: Fury Road concludes on a decidedly underwhelming note...
 Mad Max: Fury Road will be a delight to anyone looking for nothing more than an adrenaline-fueled, action-packed thrill ride, but for those expecting a little more thought put into the story and characters, it will be something of a slight disappointment.
 A precipitous decline from "Beyond Thunderdome".
 Plot, dialogue, intelligence, subtlety, suspense, wit, chemistry and logic get tossed out the window in George Miller's fourth milking of this franchise. 
 A mindless, expensive B-movie that's more exhausting, tedious and nauseating than exhilarating. 
 Even the wondrously choreographed stunting that keeps everything flying, flipping, careening, and cartwheeling in every direction starts to look like some demented Cirque de Soleil performance with a demolition derby theme after a while.
 Two hours of action scenes that are well crafted and entirely lacking in suspense, and with some clever but fake-looking special effects.
 The movie is frequently adorable. But it's liable to create more than a few existential crises in viewers entirely unprepared to handle them.
 Some viewers will probably be impressed that Inside Out contains a sequence that dramatizes the four stages of abstraction. But that doesn't make it a better movie.
 Looks good only in comparison to its disappinting predecessors.
 Inside Out lacks laugh out loud humor and its lazy animation is disheartening. Pixar films are known to pack an emotional punch and this doesn't have any of that. All it has to offer is a misguided heart that is visually displeasing.
 'Inside Out' is a sad, emotionally loaded film that drains any initial exuberance like a faucet. Note to Pixar and Disney, please go back to making films that are more fun than not. I don't want to be bummed out watching a kid's film.
 Inside Out, the latest Disney-Pixar coproduction, feels like a clever educational short stretched to feature length.
 For all its clever touches, the personified emotions plot still feels like a story the school psychologist would've used to teach kids about their feelings. It feels simultaneously infantilized and aimed over kids' heads.
 Here is a movie designed to make white audiences proud of the tears they shed in a darkened theater because those salty drops of water prove just how sensitive they are, except not really.
 A film where what prevails is a feeling of bewilderment as spectators, amidst great performances and photography. 
 Although it's not bad, I found it overrated, as it tells a story through a trite narrative formula and flat characters that we've already been seen in dozens of films. 
 What begins as an arresting blend of lyrical storytelling and bad-neighbourhood harshness gradually ferments into a relentlessly melancholic dirge in dire need of somewhere to go...an early contender for the most overrated film of the year.
 Moonlight's best moments come in Little's reaction to Juan's affection, but later scenes of Chiron's erotic confusion and Black's maudlin self-pity (he wears muscular drag yet succumbs to weakness) insist that viewers feel sorry for black gay males.
 Bullying, poverty, closeted sexuality, drug abuse, and racial strife combine to form an overworked agenda of cultural woes that's more concerned with rubber-stamping issues than telling an original story.
 Jordan Peele's Get Out contains a fascinating idea and some intriguing social commentary, but it's ultimately let down by bland execution and writing that never allows the idea to come to full fruition.
 Get Out is an attenuated comedy sketch in which serious concerns are debased.
 Justice League does not achieve the impact that other films of its style have reached. 
 Is it an improvement from Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice? Absolutely, but the same flaws persist, including new ones. Thankfully, the Justice League themselves are a fun bunch to be around, 
 Ultimately, all this makes Justice League the superhero movie some fans feel they deserve but not the one other fans needed-especially fans who prefer their tales to grow with them. 
 Given the generic state of the plot and how uninteresting the characters are, Justice League wasn't worth the trouble.
 Man, oh man, does this movie look bad.
 All of Snyder's DC films - Justice League included - seem more concerned with the repercussions of actions than with the actions themselves.
 More relatable than its predecessor but no more spell-binding, Justice League races through its paces and ends: four hours of exposition and posturing stuffed in a two-hour package.
 Not even all of Batman's money is able to save this disaster from collapsing. 
 The most impressively, faultlessly mediocre and boring and pointless A-list superhero film going back through the nearly 40 years of modern superhero films.
 For all the fracas, this is a curiously inert piece of action filmmaking. The dialogue borders on the cheesy with intermittent leaps headlong into the cheddar. 
 It's an even messier saga than Dawn of Justice, with a tiresome and whiskery macguffin in which three magic boxes must be brought together for evil, then prised apart for good. 
 Where "Man of Steel" and "BvS" were like root canals, and "Suicide Squad" a brick in the face, and "Wonder Woman" a sweet, sweet rainbow, "Justice League" is merely a squandering of time and talent. 
 A hasty, disjointed assemblage of two conflicting visions; a bad movie fused to a different bad movie.
 The true villain of the film is the corporate nihilism that willed Justice League into existence.
 Although engaging in parts, Justice League is one big incoherent and loud mess that, unfortunately, has failed to utilise its undeniable superhero-star power in order to deliver an unforgettable cinematic experience that the fans have been waiting to see.
 It wasn't evil aliens that defeated the Justice League: it was facial hair. 
 DC's superhero team-up dirge Justice League shambles into unnatural half-life with a message of apocalyptic doomsaying presented now without puke filters, so that it looks like a movie my mom watches on her television with the motion-smoothing turned on.
 Here, battles boil down to one big punch-up: bad guy pounds good guy, good guy pounds back, and so on. Rawr.
 It still achieves its two aims - improving upon Batman v Superman, and leaving viewers intrigued for future Wonder Woman, Aquaman, The Flash and Cyborg outings - but does so in a thoroughly choppy and dull fashion. 
 Perhaps the new Superman is closer to what the fans wanted. But he doesn't really feel like a character anymore. He, like the rest of his movie, feels like a focus group-approved concept.
 With a few exceptions thanks to The Flash and Aquaman, Justice League fails to surprise and delight - the action set pieces should be cooler and the humor funnier. 
 When Shakespeare wrote, 'It is a tale, told by an idiot, full of sound and fury signifying nothing,' he could have been summarizing this convergence of the DC Comic Universe.
 Justice League defaults to the problems that have plagued all the pre-Wonder Woman DCEU films, and while it offers more pleasures than its detractors would ever admit, it still qualifies as another disappointment from The House That Clark Built.
 Like everything Snyder directs, it is an ungainly looking sludgefest of gloopy CGI and dull, dirt-hued backdrops cut with neon glare.
 It's a fun-but-awkward mess of a movie that smacks of a missed opportunity.
 For whatever reason, the creative minds at Warner Bros. and DC seem to hit a wall of kryptonite when it comes to translating their comic-book heroes to the big screen.
 It's let down by almost everything -- a poorly constructed script that rarely raises a smile, direction that slows the pace to a crawl at all the wrong moments, and the worst superhero villain since the Avengers' awful Ultron.
 Justice League is just about the most drab and lacklustre superhero epic ever made.
 You can't save the world alone, and saving the DCEU might be even more of a challenge. 
 You don't get points for being able to spot the difference between Snyder and Whedon shots, the overwrought, deep-shadowed splash-page compositions contrasted with garishly overlit three-camera sitcom blocking.
 A significant leap for the DCEU: from downright disastrous, to merely flawed.
 Beneath the synthetic sheen, bland musical cues and stock patter, there is nothing.
 Ribbing wisecracks, courtesy of co-writer Joss Whedon, jar with director Zack Snyder's oppressive, dour approach to the source material.
 The cinematic equivalent of Trump and Brexit as awfulness brought upon ourselves. Incoherent and cheap-looking. There are no heroes, and everything is broken.
 Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman got the tone right last time, which suggested things were looking up. But without director Patty Jenkins around, she's subject to the dismissive male gaze for which Hollywood's long been criticized.
 Perhaps there was no way for Justice League to purge the mistakes of movies past without sacrificing itself in the process. 
 There are interesting moments when the League becomes a unit, inspiring hope that with a sequel, the gang will find time to take on the real villain around here: the person in charge of visual continuity.
 What was supposed to be a superhero extravaganza from the DC universe feels instead like a sloppy remake of The Avengers.
 The good news is that Justice League is a big step up from Batman v Superman. The bad news is that it's also a big step down from Wonder Woman.
 Every one of the many, many sky-fights, mega-booms, and fantasy landscapes on display here seems to have been purchased at an FX fire sale back in the 1980s. 
 Congratulations Ezra Miller, you almost singlehandedly saved the Justice League movie!
 ... a decided improvement over the previous two outings. But that's not saying much.
 More mediocrity from DC factory. Gadot and Miller bright spots, otherwise CGI slog and cookie-cutter villain.
 The contempt that Justice League has for its audience is open, unashamed, and matter-of-fact.
 Much of Justice League feels slightly disjointed, like the film isn't in sync with all its parts. There are some endearing scenes here and there, but the overall result still leaves much to be desired.
 Justice League is overstuffed and undercooked and features at least two too many new characters.
 There's some welcome levity, some genuine conversation (as when Bats and Diana share a drink), and a few moments that feel like really good comic book panels (especially mid-credits). For some, that may be enough.
 Justice League clears the spectacularly low bar set by Batman v Superman. Whether bare adequacy is a compelling reason to extend the franchise is another matter.
 Dark, brooding, forgettable mashup of DC comic book superheroes not only displays zero chemistry between any of them in this corporate shotgun wedding of prized characters, it also is just plain forgettable.
 It is not the worst movie this year, and it does get better towards the end. But a few smiles do not make up for the fails.
 That this setup feels both rushed and tedious is a shame, because these figures have potential to be genuinely interesting.
 Warner Bros.'s bungling of the DC comics franchise continues to sting.
 The nicest thing to say about Justice League is that it won't give you a migraine.
 Unfortunately, the universe might not be extended enough to avoid it.
 a weak, wonky mess with laugh out loud lines 
 To its detriment, Justice League constantly invites comparisons to the Marvel Cinematic Universe. If Snyder's latest inspires any passion, it will be among the tiresome, inevitable squabbling between DC vs. Marvel fanboys.
 Weary, joyless and stammering, Affleck's Batman acts more like a corporate recruiter than a caped crusader in this dull, CGI affair.
 A C-grade B-movie wherein all involved fully satisfy their contractual obligations.
 Even the strength of Superman couldn't turn this ship all the way around.
 Not all the candy-coloured bombast in the world can disguise the fact that Ben Affleck, the bulkiest and mopiest Batman of all time, clearly doesn't want to be here, triggering memories of the #SadAffleck meme. Ben, we feel your pain.
 A headache. A disorientating, nonsensical, hot mess barely tethered together by the digital blurs of DC Comics' heroes. These heroes appear to need saving from themselves.
 It is almost shocking how bad "Justice League" is. When your film makes the viewer long for the coherence and scope of 2015's ill-fated "Fantastic Four," it is a sure sign something has perilously gone wrong.
 Justice League isn't funny, because it still believes it has something important to show us. It doesn't.
 Justice League is a sloppy team-up film that doesn't even take time to properly introduce pivotal members of its titular team, but when you're playing a dangerous (also ill-advised) game of catch up, these are the risks.
 A pointless flail of expensive (yet, somehow, cheap-looking) CGI that no amount of tacked-on quips, or even Gadot's luminescent star power, can rescue.
 ... the film is a leaden, lugubrious mess that has a few engaging moments and performances that are often overwhelmed by noisy setpieces, a screenplay that only flirts with coherence... 
 It's a dismal set of circumstances, and there's plenty of director Zack Snyder's trademark moroseness and brooding. But there's lightness, too.
 Everyone involved in making "Justice League," and everyone who will eventually see it, deserved something better than this.
 Justice League is fixing a lot. The fixes, though, don't make for a story that stands on its own merits.
 Justice League is a crowd-pleaser only if you're part of a comics-obsessed crowd.
 Justice League is discordant and incomprehensible at best.
 Justice League begins and ends badly not only because of a loose script, very loose, but because the team is headed by a filmmaker of proven mediocrity: Zack Snyder (300, Sucker Punch, Batman vs. Superman). 
 Incoherent, lacking charisma ... 
 When Justice League is good, it is fun and flashy and slick; when it is bad, it is maddeningly so because there are no excuses for its flaws.
 The notion of Superman as a guiding ideal haunts these films...It's a vision [the filmmakers] recognize Superman is supposed to embody, but seem incapable of...actually realizing.
 We've seen bad DC movies and bad Marvel movies. But Justice League is something new: It's a bad DC movie and a bad Marvel movie at the same time.
 "Justice League" is pure formula. And without a sense of doom and danger, there's nothing but beefcake and banter. 
 The movie is a clumsy steamer trunk of continuing story lines and returning stars .
 ... "superficially attractive but utterly redundant" is a pretty good description of the entire film.
 The only person who truly understands the right way to play a comic book hero is Gadot.
 Just do one thing well, instead of trying to do six things adequately.
 Jason Momoa as Aquaman and Ezra Miller as Flash are bright spots in this fractured coming together of DC's heavy hitters, but the film takes so many happy pills it almost overdoses on them. Sometimes shadows need to fall to show us what to be scared of. 
 After the undeniable failure of last year's "Batman v Superman," the question was whether a good movie could be built upon the foundation of a bad one? And after seeing "Justice League," the answer is that it is possible only to make a better one.
 The erratic and fatigue-inducing "Justice League" will leave moviegoers wondering where to assign the blame - and where to find the exits.
 It falls to Henry Cavill and Amy Adams to bring some semblance of humanity to the unlovely material. But it's not enough to save us from the balderdash.
 A depressing reminder that Wonder Woman was an anomaly, not the new normal. Busy and boring and oppressively computer generated, Justice League screams we're back to business as usual.
 This is an ODTAA (one damn thing after another) movie if ever there was one, and whether that's enough for you is a question only you can answer. 
 As with the lamentable Suicide Squad, Justice League opts for action over substance, forgoing any depth and dropping in only token attempts at humour. It's essentially one long third act, which is as deafening as it is dull.
 A film in which solid storytelling is neglected in favor of grandiose but ultimately empty special effects.
 For all the money poured into Justice League, the effects have a slapdash, unfinished quality. Perhaps the talented FX people were too busy working on Thor.
 DCEU is floundering. It needs to find a bold new direction if it ever hopes to flap its wings, let alone compete with Marvel.
 From the corporate logo depicting the iconic superheroes to the supervillain's flying robot army to the post-credits sequence, Justice League takes its lead from The Avengers, and the comparison does not flatter the current film.
 As if watching listless characters exchange infantile monologues isn't bad enough, the "villain of the week" is a complete bore.
 "Justice League" is a one-step-forwards-two-steps-back affair
 Fittingly for a film that follows directly on from Batman Vs Superman, it's an ugly mess.
 I went into Justice League with high hopes but low expectations. It exceeded the expectations, but didn't rise to the level of the hopes.
 An empty mess, trying to please everyone; we suspect it will satisfy very few.
 Mediocrity, thy name is Justice League.
 A movie that sets up a bunch of other movies and ticks all its boxes with brightly colour-coded markers but takes no risks and delivers no thrills.
 "Justice League" has its moments (when asked what his superpower is, Batman replies, "I'm rich.") but bottom line? It's no Thor.
 If you can't do anything right, move so quickly that no one has time to notice.
 Justice League has jokes; that doesn't mean it's funny.
 With scenes careening into each other oblivious of momentum, tone or plot structure, it feels like a Frankenstein of a film. 
 When the film's tone slides so firmly back into the murk, it's hard not to see DC's notion of heroism as borderline nihilistic.
 The film is marginally better than last year's sour and dispiriting Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, but that's like saying that dental surgery is preferable to passing a kidney stone.
 At least at two hours -- brief by modern superhero standards -- Justice League doesn't overstay its welcome. But like most all-star games, it's better as fantasy than it is reality. Level your expectations to the league minimum.
 The "new and improved" model looks claustrophobically like an over-priced TV pilot, and not in a good way. Say what you want about the tenets of brooding, art-school-fascist superhero worship, but at least it's an ethos.
 Look, at this point you know what you're getting. It's a DC movie; it's loud and frenetic when it doesn't need to be, overstuffed with peripheral characters who don't matter and action sequences that barely register. 
 Years from now - or maybe even as you read this - filmmakers are going to use the DC Comics Extended Universe as a prime example of how not to build a movie franchise.
 The good news is Justice League is not as terrible as you feared. The bad news is it's still a bloated, disjointed affair that makes little sense and a hash of one of the coolest superheroes.
 There's no getting round the fact that DC can't seem to get it together when it comes to expanding its iconic roster of superheroes into a coherent cinematic universe.
 The next time these characters band together, perhaps they will do so with stronger backgrounds, a real sense of purpose, and a story that's more than a cobbled-together mess.
 A colossal, garish shambles that offers minor relief by being a smidgen less painful than Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
 Justice League is no magic carpet ride, no matter how hard it strives for multi-superhero awesomeness.
 A mixture of darkness and light with a certain sputter-y fizz that never quite builds into a full steam.
 A film that feels so contrived, vying desperately to inject a sense of effervescence, and yet feels so forced and tedious when doing so.
 The gang is all here as DC Comics finally brings together its brooding bigwigs for a lugubrious, deafening and occasionally (but only occasionally) enjoyable team-up.
 Guys. THEY PUT AQUAMAN IN JEANS.
 Watching Warner Bros. pump out superhero flick after superhero flick over the past four years has felt a little like watching your favorite Olympic figure skater with plenty of star potential flub one triple axel after another.
 "The stench of your fear is making my soldiers hungry!" Steppenwolf warns at one point, and we have to wonder: Are they trying to provide us all with wisecracks?
 [Justice League] occasionally finds its footing but often stumbles just at the moment it should soar.
 Another misshapen, boring franchise flick that may struggle to satisfy the studio, the filmmaker(s), and-most importantly-the audience
 For people who value these characters as symbols of truth, justice and the American way, Justice League never really feels like the start of something truly heroic.
 This must go down as the single stupidest, big-budget superhero motion picture ever unleashed upon an unsuspecting public by a major Hollywood studio.
 The result is a horror show. A Frankenstein's monster of input and influence that knows not what to do, where to go or how to be.
 A deflated Batman may have looked intriguing on the page. But on screen, he comes across as sleepy. Quick. To the Bat Cave. Fire up the Espresso machine, Alfred!
 People of Earth! Rejoice! The Justice League is here to save the day. Listen. Do you hear that? It's the sound of one hand clapping.
 With the stakes as low as this, it should come as no surprise that Justice League stays locked in a groove that neither overwhelms nor underwhelms.
 After the success of her own vehicle earlier this year, Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman is now reduced to rolling her eyes indulgently at jostling male colleagues.
 Now it's time for another dour Zack Snyder DC Universe movie, so bring your long face.
 The story is a confusion of noise, visual clutter and murderous digital gnats, but every so often a glimmer of life flickers through.
 But the banter has a droopy, depressed air, as if the actors know they're coming from behind.
 Justice League thinks of itself as a massive event, a culture-rocking fusion of star-power and intellectual property. Instead, it's another bloated blockbuster with generic effects, stock action scenes and strained dialogue.
 Justice League is just fine. But considering that the would-be blockbuster features a collection of A-list superheroes, the word "fine" is like kryptonite. 
 The biggest sin a movie like this can commit is being boring. And bottom line: Justice League is seriously ho-hum, offering negligible thrills and some screamingly ridiculous plot twists.
 "Justice League" is arguably Snyder's most infuriating work yet.
 This team effort feels less joyous, more uninspired. 
 Watching Justice League feels like looking at a photo in a wet magazine.
 As it is, it just feels like somebody haphazardly threw several ingredients into a pot and prayed that it would work. Unfortunately it does not, merely leaving behind arguably the biggest stain on the DCEU yet.
 As grey and grim as its critically maligned predecessor Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
 Justice League feels like a pilot episode -- it's half-formed, overstuffed, and narratively a chore -- but at least its gotten all those annoying introductions out of the way. And it only took five movies to get there.
 Any superhero movie worth its salt has to give us something to root against. A computer-generated bad guy stomping around looking for boxes doesn't cut it, even if he is voiced by the great Ciaran Hinds.
 ...a cacophonous mess from start to finish.
 This isn't the worst movie you'll see this year, but it's by far the most worked over, which makes Justice League belong in an undistinguished category all its own.
 Justice League winds up feeling so much like a straw poll for viewers, with a mishmash of everything they might want, all run together.
 It's the kind of movie you don't necessarily flip past when it shows up on HBO, but that doesn't mean it's good.
 A lumbering blockbuster that dilutes what's so stirring about these fabled fictional champions.
 Don't rule out the possibility that a movie dedicated to Aquaman (on the schedule for 2018) or the Flash might be fun, but the Justice League itself needs to disband.
 Facetious, tongue-in-cheek humour doesn't help.
 Justice League is a collection of missed opportunities and flubbed ideas.
 I am legitimately bummed out about how much I disliked Justice League.
 It may be slightly better than 'Batman v Superman', but that's a low bar.
 The whole world loves these characters, and so much time, effort and money has been hurled at this property. But the story in Justice League is practically non-existent -- and, even more insulting, the big Hollywood special effects look like garbage.
 Whedon's Avengers was an endearing accumulation of characters whose stories assembled over the course of 10 years and several movies; Justice League attempts to speed the process and blurs its appeal.
 There's a lot of loud action. There are a lot of flashy visuals. Everything goes by quickly. It's just that, like Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice, it's not a hell of a lot of fun.
 It dives headlong into a scrappy, Swiss-cheese plot which, while true to DC Comics' mix-and-match mythology, clumsily slaps together its disparate elements.
 Finally, DC's superheroes are assembled on screen at last. It's just a shame that the resulting film is a chaotic, baffling mess.
 Ben Affleck is unrelaxed and ill-at-ease in the role of Batman/Bruce, unconvincing in both the bat armour and the three-piece suit of the wealthy plutocrat.
 Although marginally better than Batman v Superman and Suicide Squad, director Zack Snyder's latest is still a profound mess of maudlin muscles, incoherent action and jaw-droppingly awful CGI. It is big, loud, awful to look at and oh-so-dumb.
 There's a little more levity, and a touch more interest in character, but much too much of this team-up adventure is given over to ridiculous posing and posturing as our heroes battle a not-very-interesting villain.
 Some day, hopefully soon, DC will get the recipe right again and duplicate Wonder Woman's storytelling magic. But today isn't that day, and Justice League unfortunately isn't that film.
 This hodgepodge throws a bunch of superheroes into a mix that neither congeals nor particularly makes you want to see more of them in future. Plainly put, it's simply not fun.
 Justice League's most significant shortcoming is how forgettable it all is. There's barely a moment that sticks, not a single sequence to rival the standout superhero set-pieces of recent years.
 There are good, cute and funny moments that the editing team should be applauded for, but there aren't enough to distract from the beautiful, chaotic mess that Justice League ends up being.
 The film is, plainly stated, terrible, and I'm sorry that everyone wasted their time and money making it-and that people are being asked to waste their time and money seeing it.
 It's kind, but it doesn't feel quite right.
 [Wonder] is another novelty Hollywood genre [film] of overcoming physical handicaps.  
 Wonder has a good idea at its core and that is all it has. 
 It's based on a novel by R.J. Palacio. Don't buy it for me, please, for Christmas.
 No doubt the filmmakers will be hoping anyone who sees this heart-tugger about a facially deformed kid will [embrace] the many positive messages it espouses rather than focusing on the many broadly manipulative ways it tries to extract tears from you.
 Wonder is, in almost every conceivable way, a disaster. It's jumbled, unfocused, poorly acted, and undeservedly sappy.
 Watching Wonder, I felt as though someone had set off a sap bomb.
 Wonder's rose-tinted version of the world ... ultimately paints a naive world view in danger of doing more harm than good to anyone who suffers the misfortune of watching it.
 The sugar count runs precariously high in Wonder but thanks to its overall emotional sincerity and quirky structure, it's saved from becoming unbearably twee.
 By lacking subtlety and tugging too aggressively at the heartstrings, this well-meaning drama misses an opportunity to be more impactful.
 For a movie about seeing who a person is beyond their physical appearance, this one's remarkably superficial.
 The movie's biggest fantasy is a world where there are no fundamental conflicts, only misunderstandings.
 Owen Wilson cries, but audiences will more likely roll their eyeballs at writer-director Stephen Chbosky's outrageous emotional manipulations.
 Tugs at the heartstrings so insistently that you might well leave it feeling assaulted rather than uplifted.
 Auggie, bless him, stops putting on that astronaut helmet. The movie does things differently. It wears a space suit and never takes it off.
 The film has an almost pathological need to ensure that everything turns out well for every single character, while at the same time eliding any truly difficult issues.
 It is a film with all the depth of a fridge magnet.
 Reminders to be kind are all very well, but it's time to move past the idea that it's up to people who are different to inspire everyone else to be better people.
 Although thoughtfully rendered, this unashamedly sappy drama about a 10-year-old boy with facial differences eventually succumbs to its worst touchy-feely tendencies.
 It wants desperately to tug at your heartstrings. But all it seriously did was rub my nerves raw.
 Reality is something we readily put aside when watching a Marvel outing, but ...Thor: Ragnarok is little more than a grocery store genre cake: industrial formula and A-list talent enveloped in an unnatural green screen icing.
 Thor Ragnarok takes you on a visually psychedelic adventure that sadly goes absolutely nowhere.
 With its 130 minute script that has no clue where it's going, mixed with a mash-fest of 1980's fantasy/sci-fi films we've already seen, it is an intumescent mega mess.
 A peculiar tug of war between an indie comedian and a multinational conglomerate.
 As undeniably enjoyable as it was, Thor: Ragnarok didn't feel like the latest installments of one of the MCU's central characters as much as it did a big budget spoof of a Marvel film.
 Humor over Heroics Dooms Bloated "Ragnarok."
 For all its brazen gags, its hip soundtrack, and its cool if somewhat hetero-normative heroes , the House That Steve Rogers Built doesn't rush headlong into truly dangerous territory.
 This film is mediocre as a comedy, as a drama it's worse.  
 ... a film that does not really go anywhere. 
 The only thing that the film managed to generate in me was laughs; Unfortunately, this kind of movie needs much more than that. 
 There's something just a little bit off about the way the film handles its title character.
 Come the end of Thor: Ragnarok, you'll be shocked by just how little you actually cared throughout what just transpired. 
 "Ragnarok" is supposed to play for laughs, but it feels like the joke is on the audience.
 [F]or all of its winking and joking, Thor: Ragnarok ultimately cannot escape the trap of established formula.
 Ragnarok is a glorified commercial for next year's Avengers: Infinity War.
 Director Taika Waititi's take on the God of Thunder plays a bit like the rock mockumentary This is Spinal Tap: it's front-loaded with jokes, built around a severe humbling, and full of silly bombast.
 The balance of humor and action has become so one-sided that Thor: Ragnarok could use a laugh track.
 About as inventive and original as one of these things can probably get away with being, before it has to go back to being the same old s--t.
 Superhero fans deserve better than this. Battles should have heart, danger, and consequences. The conflicts in Thor: Ragnarok are lacking in all three.
 If Ragnarok doesn't matter in a Thor movie, what could you possibly put onscreen ever again that would matter?
 You may find yourself longing for the days when superheroes played it straight.
 You'll watch, be lightly amused for two hours, and go back to forgetting that Thor exists.
 Thor: Ragnarok is packed tight with zooming space vehicles and noisy thunder battles, but the movie's extravagant excess is more narcotizing than energizing. Even poor Thor seems lost in all of it, and he's supposed to be its star.
 As much fun as it is, Ragnarok, by treating everything as an opportunity for a goof, forfeits any chance of taking root in your imagination. Nothing matters here.
 Only a few moments generate smiles.  
 A derivative and a painfully formulaic follow-up which, apart from offering a few scattered laughs, can't seem to find a way to make its set-up fresh enough.
 ... forces the repetition of the seminal jokes of his predecessor. 
 Though one of the new cast members -- John Lithgow as Ferrell's soft-hearted father -- is a big asset, severe damage is done by another: Mel Gibson as Wahlberg's macho dad. His grimacing performance as a sexist pig deadens every joke it touches.
 Guaranteed laughs ... but a story destined to be forgotten the moment the audience leaves the movie theater. 
 The best that can be said for Daddy's Home 2 is that it's slightly less awful than its recent female-led counterpart, A Bad Moms Christmas.
 Lithgow is a small mercy.
 Lithgow and Ferrell deliver a smattering of laughs, but they come with a very bitter aftertaste.
 A charismatic comedy. 
 A weird, misshapen conglomeration of innocuous juvenile yuks, politically incorrect humor and self-aware comedy punches aimed at the fourth wall.
 Gibson could scarcely hope to play a character more like himself if he landed the lead in The Mel Gibson Story.
 Goes well beyond the typical mindless array of slapstick and humiliation to reach disgusting new depths of coarseness. Not just appalling, but actually dangerous.
 It's more of the same, and is probably funnier than the first film, but Daddy's Home 2 is the opposite of subtle and Gibson's performance is bizarre.
 Abusive sentimentality. 
 Sure, the first film in 2015 was a global box-office success, but that does not mean it warrants a sequel - and a lame one at that.
 A strong contender for the worst Hollywood film of the year, Daddy's Home 2 is clumsy, dumb and unsavoury.
 ... Daddy's Home 2 is for the most part thuddingly unfunny and ultimately obnoxious.
 Double the dads, but half the laughter.
 Daddy's Home 2 is a family film only in the sense that it concerns a family. (It is, in that sense, like the Texas Chain Saw Massacre).
 The smidge of goodwill earned by the first DH turns to coal in this festive sequel, which goes the Meet The Parents route of wheeling out more big-name elders ...
 A spectacularly unfunny sequel to the fairly mirthless Mark Wahlberg/Will Ferrell Christmas comedy from 2015.
 There is nothing surprising about this sequel and some of the characters are positively obnoxious ...
 Tone-deaf, mean-spirited and woefully unfunny, Daddy's Home 2's biggest offence is that it's being marketed as a family-friendly holiday comedy.
 An unfunny, unpleasant, unabashed cash-in.
 Sadly, the results end up just as lame and lazy as they were in the original, though with a bitter aftertaste (lessness) that was never there before.
 (Daddy's Home 2 is) destined for an after-life as an annual Christmas re-run you'll tune in to by accident, only to end up changing the channel or just going to bed.
 An overcomplicated family premise and too many different characters to care about, each with their own subplot, means this quickly becomes a patchwork quilt of pratfalls and arguments.
 It's a basic rule of entertainment - seemingly ungrasped here - that when Mel Gibson is laughing at something, you are probably not.
 With the cast in place, Daddy's Home 2 embarks on a disconnected series of sketches and situations that could only be described as a plot by someone who's never looked up the word "plot" in a dictionary. 
 A cynical, synthetic piece of Hollywood production line tat, which reheats the narrative leftovers of an already mediocre domestic comedy about blended families.
 This can be a moderately successful film until Mel Gibson shows up and opens his mouth. Or even just smiles.
 Ferrell fans will enjoy Daddy's Home 2 but others will find its gloopy sentimentality very hard indeed to digest.
 The sum total is enough good bits to give you a few laughs, but nothing that will stick with you after you leave the theater.
 Unfortunately, that zeitgeist-y notion is largely squandered, along with any sense of character, wit or inspiration, in this deeply lazy sequel.
 A dud.
 It's possible that Daddy's Home 2 is one of the more blatantly rancid and painfully ugly comedies I've ever had the displeasure to sit through.
 ... the various subplots never really arc, feeling more like stitched-together snippets from '80s sitcoms.
 I don't mind uninspired films. But outright stealing?! And not only that, but stealing from a film you are clearly trying to emulate? Not cool. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
 Mean-spirited and toxic, it's dismal!
 Daddy's Home 2 is ruined by some horrible casting.
 A lazy, uninspired sequel that, thanks to Mel Gibson's participation, leaves a sour taste in one's mouth.
 One wishes writer-director Sean Anders could trust his leads' crackerjack chemistry to carry the day, instead of leaning on weak fall-down-go-boom antics.
 I'll give Daddy's Home 2 this, it's not nearly as soul shockingly abysmal as Farrell's summer "comedy," The House. 
 A brazenly lazy sequel that dives headfirst into even more depressing depths than its predecessor, Daddy's Home 2 relies on sexism and closed-minded thinking.
 Watching a Will Ferrell movie for me is almost as painful as a prostate biopsy...Maybe he and Mark Wahlberg think they are another Laurel and Hardy, but they're not. For one thing, Laurel and Hardy were funny. But for Mel Gibson this is a zero.
 Lacking both good taste and good cheer, it reeks of a cash grab for all involved.
 Moronic in the extreme. No parts here to salvage.
 Daddy's Home 2 operates without memory or shame. 
 Co-fathers Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg are back in one of those we-made-too-much-money-not-to-make-a-sequel-but-we-don't-have-any-good-ideas movies. 
 Inexplicably, Daddy's Home 2 seems intent upon taking itself seriously.
 As it is, all Daddy's Home 2 does is make you appreciate the quality of A Bad Moms Christmas. Which is just tragic.
 Barely a laugh left in this one-joke franchise
 Blended-family sequel has crass humor, iffy messages. 
 A wonderless, unimaginative humbug of a comedy, one that comes with all the appeal of slushy snow and goes down about as smooth as spoiled eggnog. 
 Mel Gibson's Kurt tries to tell kids a joke about "two dead hookers" (i.e. violence against women) and mentors his grandson on how to grope.
 A problematic comedy sequel that's almost worth sitting through for the incredible cameo in the final scene. Almost.
 Apparently unwilling or unable to think of anything new to do with these characters, [the] returning screenwriters ... have recycled the old formula...
 Isn't much of a movie, remaining true to Anders's directorial skill and franchise vision, but there are a few scattered laughs, unlike the first installment, nudging the series in the right direction.
 By any standard, every person in the world of Daddy's Home 2 would be scarred for life by the events in the film. The real happy ending is that no one in the audience has to go home with these people.
 Ho-ho-hum...offers little holiday cheer.
 Daddy's Home 2 makes me feel sorry for disparaging A Bad Moms Christmas. That movie is still lacking, but at least the filmmakers managed to get the most out of the actors who played the bad grandmas.
 All right. This time I'm POSITIVE we're not going to see a holiday comedy this sour and cynical and profoundly unfunny for a very long time. At least that's my Christmas wish.
 Slightly better than the first, but still pretty awful.
 'Uncomfortably sinister' isn't really a selling point in a family-friendly comedy.
 Saving the day is Ferrell, who gamely flings himself into all kinds of slapstick.
 This is a toxic, not at all benign film made for the enjoyment of everyone still oblivious to the fact that this kind of worldview is crashing down in flames even as we speak.
 However mediocre the first film was, this sequel not only makes it seem charming by comparison but gives viewers the dubious gift of a full-on sappy Christmas movie two weeks before Thanksgiving.
 I laughed a total of three times during this witless trudge as it went through its predetermined part-two paces and found myself wishing I was re-watching A Bad Moms Christmas.
 Anders strings together mayhem-filled moments that just aren't the howlers that they're clearly scripted to be, never mind the fatherly foursome's chemistry, or the tobacco-stained guffaws Gibson keeps busting out to sell these bits.
 If Daddy's Home (2015) played like a distant, wayward cousin of Step Brothers, Daddy's Home 2, again directed by Sean Anders, is the sort of relative you might disown.
 Sean Anders, the returning director and co-writer (with Brian Burns and John Morris), runs out of gas at the halfway mark.
 The humour is common-denominator: slapstick accidents, macho men kissing, drunken children, awkward urinal conversations, and gross overuse of the Ethiopian famine relief song, Do They Know It's Christmas?
 It you go, it'll cost you one hour and 40 minutes. It just seems longer.
 Daddy's Home 2 portrays parenting as the death of manhood, a final surrender to the castrating effects of domesticity.
 Only insurance premiums can say whether we're in for a Daddy's Home 3 that adds Dick Van Dyke as Lithgow's dad and Clint Eastwood as Gibson's dad.
 There are exactly two half-decent gags in this tale of feuding patriarchs, but both are immediately cancelled out by the sheer ineptitude and even malice that fuels the production. 
 Like the passable original, this formulaic comedy can't stop teasing the possibility of a funnier, smarter movie being made with the exact premise, central conflicts, and stars.
 A boisterously formulaic and designed-by-committee holiday comedy ...
 The silly men should step aside and let the little girl shine.
 A colossal waste of time and the moviegoer's dollars.
 This follow-up to 2015's dueling-daddies hit does have a few mild chuckles, but not as many as you want.
 The Last Airbender is not just a flop, it's a big-budget flop, and it's a throwback to that grand old genre, the movie that's so bad that it's bad.
 [A] breathtakingly clueless, misconceived, stupid, humourless, unexciting, dim, dumb farrago, the worst film I've seen in years.
 A poor effort from a director who once promised so much.
 The film is an unmitigated disaster, a putrid patchwork of the original series stitched together by wretched performances, bad creative decisions and a story that's all exposition, no depth.
 Nothing here is helped by M. Night Shyamalan's bizarre casting choices.
 There's no third-act twist because we never get out of the first act.
 The Last Airbender is a horrific mish-mash of genres that follows a depressingly large number of dead ends in adapting its source material.
 [Shyamalan] works so much better with stories that are slower in development, where the atmosphere and tone drive the film, and where you're never quite sure what's going on (though not in the sense where you're completely confused, like this film).
 A quite breathtakingly inept hodge-podge of vapid spirituality, playground chopsocky and visual effects that take 3D to an entirely new level: Zero-D.
 This is a kid's movie that doesn't seem to realize that it's a kid's movie.
 Writer/director M Night Shyamalan's once glorious reputation is tarnished further by this tediously juvenile fantasy adventure.
 As far as children's entertainment goes (and it is children's entertainment), it could be a lot worse.
 Kiddie-strength action scenes drag the film down, but the kiss of death is Shyamalan's gratuitous use of earth tones and the general dull, drab look of the film. ... drastically reduces the intensity of the 3-D effects
 There isn't a single convincing performance in the picture, and the badness of the acting is, bizarrely, pretty much in direct proportion to a character's importance.
 Would it be more accurate to call this The Last Shyamalan Movie?
 The constant references to 'benders' can't help but elicit sniggers from British audiences ... the plotting is stodgy, the dialogue stinks and the acting is wooden.
 An amateurish mess.
 The Last Airbender is swollen with portentous mumbo jumbo and realized in the most simplistic and mundane ways imaginable. 
 Bad acting, overstuffed exposition and running time far too brief for the amount of plot shoved into it reduce The Last Airbender into parody of a big summer film as Shyamalan manages to hit every single fantasy film pothole.
 How did Shyamalan get it so wrong?
 If sleep is a hard thing to come by, then a dose of M. Night Shyamalan's The Last Airbender is just the cure for you.
 Being a Shyamalan film, the entire cast (which also includes Slumdog Millionaire star Dev Patel as an exiled Fire Prince) recite their looney-tunes lines as if they have been drugged, then hypnotised, then drugged again.
 Even pre-teens will have to endure the fragmented plot lines, stilted acting, and an absence of humor.
 It's a nice movie to look at, as long as you ignore the characters, plot, and action.
 This empty, misfired epic from M. Night Shyamalan is boring and strengthens the claim that he is the worst director working in mainstream cinema today.
 $150,000,000 well wasted. The Last Airbender is an insult to those wanting sophisticated, entertaining or even competent cinema.
 Mere words can barely describe the sheer inanity on display. 
 The mythology of the series doesn't translate well to the demands of concise big screen storytelling.
 It seems as if a good film could be made out of The Last Airbender's tale. But this is not that film.
 Why do the water tribe have so much difficulty defeating their fire opponents when the battle takes place on the ocean?
 Shyamalan tells the story like a syndicated news journalist, reporting events with detached direction and lifeless, plot-driven screenwriting.
 It is in writer/director Shyamalan's dialogue that the film grinds to a halt. His words have grown increasingly pompous and stilted since his concise, crisp, Oscar-nominated script for The Sixth Sense.
 Parents may be less easily pleased, finding the film a tad dull and lifeless, for all its elements. 
 A big ol' mess of atrocious acting and terrible scripting, The Last Airbender is a definite nominee for worst film of 2010. 
 Unspeakably bad dialogue delivered by excruciatingly bad actors in a plot so illogical and stupid it kills unicorns.
 The characters are completely uninvolving, the narrative incomprehensible for the most part, and the performances seem to reflect the bewilderment of the plot.
 Shyamalan has written a muddled, confusing script and directed it badly
 With poorly executed action, wooden acting and a dead script, this fantasy film is a strong contender for a Razzie.
 The worst part is undoubtedly the script, which clunks and groans all the way under the weight of it's own exposition - tragically and unforgivably, it fails to tell a good story.
 A dodgy script, ropey performances, atrocious 3D effects and a tendency to take itself too seriously...
 Please let it be the last Shyamalan.
 I swiftly became bored with a repetitive and laboured film devoid of drama, tension or real emotion.
 Airbender's final insult is the unmistakable stench of a sequel that's left to linger in its wake.
 When nothing you believe or believe in is at stake, your plot-receptor mechanisms close down.
 [A] slice of self-important nonsense that's actually pretty funny, although probably not in the way Shyamalan planned.
 After the first five seconds, it seems as if you have been watching it for around two-and-a-half hours, and that this time has passed in four-and-a-half days.
 Dung fu.
 Some of the worst acting, action and dialogue you'll endure this year.
 Some of the performances are wooden, creating repeated moments of unintentional hilarity that cut through the dramatic tension.
 Shyamalan has been working in cinema for more than a decade now, but none of his films are nearly as disastrous as this. It's his final plea to get his name back in Hollywood, and I don't think anyone will hear it.
 Far from the catastrophe the US bewailed, but still disappointingly clunky.
 ...a tremendously disappointing effort from a once rock-solid filmmaker.
 The dialogue is tin-eared in the extreme, the 3D is used in a strictly tokenistic fashion and the absolute lack of a sense of irony or humour makes the more solemn scenes all the more laughable.
 A movie that's as thick as the earth, as enraging as fire, and about as watery and windy as a giant cinematic wet fart.
 I can't even tell you what this movie is about. How many more chances are we going to give this guy?
 A derivative and lifeless 'heroes journey' tale layered up with Eastern mysticism.
 The Last Airbender completes writer/co-producer/director M. Night Shyamalan's fall from grace; once regarded as the most exciting talent in film, he now sits pretty as the laughing stock of Hollywood.
 One is bored and stupefied by what seems like an eternity of vacuous spectacle, cod-Buddhist tosh and clunking dialogue.
 The first part of a planned trilogy, Shyamalan says the sequel will be darker. Just better would be a start.
 Sadly, M. Night Shyamalan has not regained what he lost three films ago. His films are truly bad.
 I can accurately and completely review The Last Airbender by quoting my ten-year-old daughter's own thoughts on the movie: "They messed up everything."
 If the 11th-hour addition of 3-D to M. Night Shyamalan's odious live-action adaptation of Nickelodeon's beloved anime-influenced cartoon series doesn't make your head hurt, the excess of narration and intertitles surely will.
 It's difficult to ascertain whether this poorly executed picture will earn enough to warrant its planned sequels or not even make enough to allow Shyamalan to Super-Size his next fast-food order.
 The conversion process truly needed here was not to add 3-D to the images, but to add depth to characters and a story that barely qualify as one-dimensional.
 Even with fairly good special effects the movie is boring; let's hope the indicated sequel(s) doesn't see the light of day.
 The Last Airbender blatantly sets the stage for a sequel. Unfortunately, this awful film's huge box office receipts may make a sequel reality.
 Gorgeous imagery.Beautifully wrought special effects. Fantasy fun for all ages.I'm talking , of course, about 'The Last Airbender' website.
 The film ends with a set-up for a sequel, which those unfortunate enough to endure this torturous mess can only hope never occurs.
 My disappointment with this 'PG' fantasy relates to its ponderous nature and lack of any comic relief. 
 The Last Shyamalan.
 I need 'Unbreakable' to be M. Night Shyamalan's trilogy. Not this lifeless fantasy. 
 Controversial casting aside, could The Last Airbender ever have been a good movie? Not at all; it's a listless, incompetent, boring mess that insults the comprehension of even the youngest child in the audience.
 An Elemental Disaster.
 a vast and largely joyless--at times leaden--epic
 The time has come to admit that he [Shyamalan] got lucky with Sixth Sense and we overrated his talent.
 The story isn't the bad part of The Last Airbender - in fact, it's the best part... The bad part is almost everything else.
 Irritatingly stupid.
 In a mediocre summer season, we now have the first bonafide stinker -- a supposed fantasy adventure that has all the magic and mystery of a bologna sandwich.
 The prospect of sequels to this lumpish and leaden action-adventure is nothing to cheer about.
 [T]he film works so hard to explain its plot developments that it scarcely has any time left over to dramatize them. Exposition has not merely vanquished mimesis, it has burned its homes to the ground and sown salt in its fields. 
 M. Night Shyamalan tries to bend the laws of quality cinema to suit his his shlocky ambitions. 
 would be blissfully forgettable if it weren't so blazingly incompetent 
 A boring, nauseating blockbuster filled with poor editing, painfully wooden acting, unrelenting dullness, and unimpressive special effects. It's so bad that it's gone past good and back to bad again. 
 A dull, boring, poorly acted, limply written and thoroughly unappealing fantasy, featuring bland characters locked in a struggle of no interest.
 Stick a fork in M. Night Shyamalan. He's done as a director of consequence after The Last Airbender. Sad.
 Please, Hollywood, if there's to be another Airbender movie, hand the job to some efficient hack, and not to a once mesmerizing artist who's lost his way.
 The trunk of my car is filled with busted 3D glasses and broken dreams of summer movie bliss. But that's not as bad as what's in the trunk of a Paramount Pictures bigwig: A bound and gagged Shyamalan, who's about to have $150 million beat from him.
 "Battlefield Earth" has a new rival for the title of "worst-film-of-the-last-20-years."
 Sadly, it seems that Shyamalan is channeling George Lucas et al from The Phantom Menace... and said, 'Hey, let's do that with this movie!'
 Hopefully they mean it when they say this is The Last Airbender. It's the last time I ever want to see anyone 'bending' anything.
 Stilted dialogue, wooden acting, glacial pacing, cheesy special effects, tacky-looking sets, ugly costumes, poorly staged and edited action sequences, all shown in murky, cut-rate 3-D.
 M. Night Shyamalan's big-screen live-action version of the popular Nickelodeon animated TV series constitutes a form of Chinese water torture in which tin-ear line-readings take the place of drips.
 To keep us from noticing the goofiness, Shyamalan goes full-speed in the opposite direction, treating everything with great solemnity and soberness. The result? It just seems MORE silly.
 With a movie this shockingly bad, however, it's not likely that anyone will be interested in another chapter. So it's better not to even bother seeing this one. 
 Call M. Night Shyamalan a Wood Bender -- this kiddie cast is as flat and stiff as particle board 
 Fans of the beautifully crafted TV show will be bitterly disappointed by this film version of the story.
 The Last Airbender is like a Care Bears movie that got waylaid in the fourth dimension. It's insufferably silly.
 ...it's unfortunate that the one element people apparently cannot manipulate in this world is wood, as that would be the only way to extract a decent performance.
 Undistinguished on every level, the film rehashes genre clichs in a style that is both painless and instantly forgettable.
 What a colossal disappointment! Let's hope this truly is the last Airbender.
 The title has the ring of prophecy. Although the film frustrates viewers with a cliffhanger ending, it's hard to believe a second 'Airbender' will materialize out of what is likely to be the indifferent reception to this wan hand-me-down.
 The puzzle of Shyamalan's racial casting soon becomes secondary to a much more pressing concern -- trying to follow the cluttered story.
 All the while, Shyamalan creates an ever-growing sense of 'Who cares where we are; when will this be over?' 
 The movie's redeeming feature might be its beauty, but you have to take off your 3-D glasses to fully appreciate it. The lenses blunt and mute the unique tones and colors that Shyamalan uses to create his lavish fantasy kingdoms.
 Stiff, fuzzy-looking, cloddish and disastrous in nearly every way, The Last Airbender looks as if it could have been made by the spoiled son of a studio mogul willing to waste gobs of money.
 This is one muddled attempt at franchise-making: confusing, drab, sluggish. (Ugly, too, if you're forced to see it in 3-D.)
 The most well-rounded failure of the year so far.
 [Shyamalan] wanted to leave us shaking our heads and marveling at a terribleness that was not merely terrible, but a terribleness that leaves you astonished at just how very, very terrible it is.
 The current national priorities should be as follows: reduce carbon emissions and stop funding the films of M. Night Shyamalan.
 It's rare to see a film so choppily edited, poorly scripted and spastically directed that you can barely understand what you're watching.
 It's a stinker that takes itself so seriously, but might bring about unintentional laughter to those who can view this rubbish as merely a goof.
 What part of this story necessitated such a po-faced treatment?
 MacGruber and Jonah Hex can relax. This is without doubt the summer's movie nadir, the grossest waste of somebody's money to create (and people to view) that we'll endure.
 As a child puts together pieces of the puzzle that will help him save the world from evildoers in The Last Airbender, I was pondering a bigger mystery: How can this action-packed adventure be so deadly dull?
 The film, which is a live-action adaptation of a Nickelodeon Asian-anime-influenced cartoon series, is supposed to be the start of a new movie franchise. Forget about it.
 It gets real old real fast.
 Shyamalan's effects -- matte paintings, miniatures, location exteriors, backlot interiors and digital work -- never coalesce into a seamless whole, and the result is neither fish nor fowl, tactile nor virtual.
 The TV show created an incredibly complex world over three seasons. This picture (the first in a proposed trilogy) tries to accomplish a year's worth of work in two hours. So we get titles and flashbacks, baldly expository dialogue and clumsy narration.
 Everything about this film is so mind-bogglingly stupid, I barely know where to begin!
 There are long expository speeches, which the young, inexperienced actors recite by rote, and the entire concept is filled with incoherent inconsistency.
 Shyamalan saps all the humor and energy from the fantasy adventure so that the Nickelodeon cartoon on which it's based has more life than the live-action big-screen adaptation.
 If you thought it was bad when writer-director M. Night Shyamalan was channeling Rod Serling, wait till you see him try to be George Lucas.
 There's no other way to say this: M. Night Shyamalan has completely lost it.
 Paraphrasing a quote from another Shyamalan star, Haley Joel Osment, it seems like "there's dead actors walking around like regular actors." From The Sixth Sense to no sense?
 Boring -- but age-appropriate for young fans of the TV show.
 Can we please just stop with the 3D conversions? Shymalan delivers visually amazing action sequences but the film suffers from terrible dialogue and horrible acting. 
 Even 3-D technology can't inject a much-needed extra dimension to The Last Airbender.
 A franchise needs more than cute creatures to survive.
 The picture is crammed with big-budget CGI -- it seems determined to command our interest through sheer technological will.
 I am truly sorry to say that this movie is a big, dull, dud and a failure in almost every category.
 Tedious, overstuffed, visually flat ... emotionally inert, filled with painfully expository dialogue and mostly poorly acted, it's simply an all-around misfire.
 Shyamalan takes the beloved Nickelodeon anime series and turns it into 103 minutes of overproduced, stilted nonsense.
 Where's the fun? We're talking about characters that can throw fire and water. Where's the excitement and sense of wonder?
 I can see why Shyamalan was attracted to this material, but the results are clunky even by his recent standards.
 The addition of the 3-D is obviously an afterthought, and in most scenes it's pretty bad. Almost as bad as the writing and the acting. Almost.
 A soul-crushing disaster made worse by unnecessary, counterproductive 3-D, The Last Airbender fails to immediately qualify as the worst film of the summer only by virtue of the year's abundance of other candidates.
 By specifically critical and broadly adult standards, this film is undoubtedly a disappointment, but it is disappointing in a way that its intended audience may not notice.
 It is so bad that not only could Uwe Boll make a better movie than Shyamalan has done here, he already has.
 The battles are only slightly more exciting than the exposition, the acting is laughable, and the characters are flat.
 The camera swoops and the music blares, but we might as well be watching a tolerant, teeth-gritting parent filming his son's karate class demonstration.
 The good news for those eagerly anticipating this live-action, big budget adaptation is that the 3D isn't horrible. The bad news? Just about everything else is. 
 This live-action adaptation of an animated children's fantasy series is a leaden, joyless ride that represents another major misfire from the once-promising filmmaker.
 It's bad, as in "Wild Wild West" will no longer be considered the nadir of July 4th weekend releases. It feels off from the get-go and never gets its footing or a sense of balance with the material. (Parental Review also Available)
 A new low point in Shyamalan's crumbling career.
 The long-winded explanations and clumsy performances are made worse by graceless effects and a last-minute 3-D conversion that wrecks whatever visual grace or beauty might have been there.
 The Last Airbender lays there, stillborn, potential squandered... a sad indicator of just how completely Shyamalan has thrown away his own gifts, the last stop on what has been a very disappointing career arc. 
 In spite of all the running and sometimes flying to and fro, The Last Airbender never feels particularly urgent.
 This is bad filmmaking and bad storytelling. It also sounds what should be the death knell to M. Night Shyamalan's career.
 Nothing short of an incomprehensible fiasco. If one must go see it, avoid the 3-D version like the bubonic plague. 
 Shyamalan compresses a ton of plot exposition in every line and the resulting heavyosity is too much for the younger actors to carry.
 The Last Airbender could be The Last M. Night Shyamalan Movie. Yep, it's that bad. 
 M. Night Shyamalan throws his hands up and sells out with The Last Airbender, an adaptation of the Nickelodeon anim series that boasts almost no sign of the director's idiosyncratic imprimatur. 
 Where to start with this one? How about this: If any movie ever warranted a class-action lawsuit against the filmmakers, it's The Last Airbender.
 I believe M. Night can ruin the world.
 a staid, interminable miscalculation
 Even in 3D, [it's] one-dimensional.
 This is all enormously disappointing, of course, since the best we could hope for from a live-action Avatar adaptation is the mind-blowing equivalent of our first encounters with wire-fu, rather than this cartoony nonsense.
 The Last Airbender keeps throwing things at you, but its ultimate effect is, in every way, flat.
 Who would have thought Shyamalan would come up with a movie that makes his Lady in the Water look positively sensible?
 Even during the climax, the film still is struggling to introduce the world of the film and its strange rules.
 The problems begin with Shyamalan's script, which is an orgy of exposition.
 The Last Airbender is dreadful, an incomprehensible fantasy-action epic that makes the 2007 film The Golden Compass, a similarly botched adaptation of a beloved property from another medium, look like a four-star classic.
 The movie has been criticized for racially inappropriate casting, but that's the least of its problems. The acting is laughable, the effects are phony, the editing is addled and the dialogue is disastrous.
 The uninitiated will find the picture an odd, strangely chilly and frequently confounding experience. They won't care that this first 'Airbender' will likely be the last too. 
 The picture drags along the ground like a fresh corpse, treating its own myth as homework and the participants as burdens, while feeling around a fantastically wasted world of weathered environments and ornate set design.
 The sprawling story is so dramatically compressed there is barely enough oxygen for relationship growth (crucial in Avatar), let alone traces of an interesting director's personality.
 The problem is that Shyamalan's brushstrokes are too brief, written in far too nondescript a shorthand, and what should ebb and flow as naturally as the tides instead comes off as bumpy, uneven and borderline nonsensical.
 Not since Kyle MacLachlan's whispered voice-overs about the worm and the spice and the worm IS the spice in Dune has a fantasy franchise tripped all over itself trying, simply, to please a fan base while creating a new one.
 While the special effects are impressive enough, M. Night Shyamalan's film doesn't make a lick of sense.
 This colossal folly, the fiasco of the summer of 2010 - gives us all a ringside seat at the sight of Mr. "I See Dead People's" career gurgling down the drain.
 Slavishly amateurish with no heart. Cold, not engaging, and dull. Bad writing and film school-level directing. What happened to an exciting story? 
 The Last Airbender is an agonizing experience in every category I can think of and others still waiting to be invented.
 Let's just be honest: M. Night Shyamalan is an idiot.
 The Last Airbender is a joyless, soulless, muddled mess, but the worst part of all doesn't come until the very end. That's when it makes the clear suggestion that two more such movies are in store for us.
 Despite its very obvious attempts at renewal - with not one but two familiar faces returning to the piratical fray - this feels like a franchise that has either run its course or is flogging a dead pirate.
 It's exhilarating, every bit of it, until the once-great, now depressingly bad Depp steps into the frame, slowing the action with maddeningly predictable pratfalls and faux-drunken slurs.
 This is the fifth film, but why bother with another one?
 Time to let it sink.
 This is a step up from several of its predecessors but it still feels like the filmmakers wasted anopportunity to reinvigorate the franchise.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is complete garbage.
 Is this movie for you? It is not for you. It is not for anyone. Do not look at it. Look anywhere else. Look anywhere but the sunken eyes of Johnny Depp.
 Another one for Davy Jones' locker.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Closes a Chapter
 Unfortunately, as Disney strive to create a more commercial film, the story-line has evolved to feel forced, immature and generic.
 Dead Men Tell No Tales makes it quite evident that the franchise has run out of ideas and that it's time to finally put it to rest.
 ... Johnny Depp's Jack Sparrow looks like one of these hamburgers that you leave in the fridge for months. 
 Actually, "awkward and forced" is a good way to describe the mishmash of subplots littering the film. 
 It's all about the box office and the bottom line for the (not just) animation giant
 However, it's the script's long list of shortcomings that keeps the story from ever recapturing its previous glory, leaving us to think that it is perhaps time to abandon ship, for good.
 The film gives the feeling that is longer than it actually is. In the end is the typical summer film: strident and empty. 
 The subtitle of the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie is "Dead Men Tell No Tales." The moral of the movie, alas, is that the same cannot be said of dead franchises.
 This fifth film in the long-running series never quite gets its sea legs. With a waterlogged script and a startlingly murky production design, this is the first movie in the franchise that lacks a sense of swashbuckling merriment.
 Plenty of viewers of all ages will gobble it up and holler for more, but only fans of spectacle with no need of story, character development or wit won't feel that they've been robbed.
 Oh, if only dead men told no tales. Then we might have avoided this fifth Pirates of the Caribbean adventure, which fails to justify its own existence in any way whatsoever.
 Charisma can only hold out so long against a lack of originality.
 It's not the worst one of the saga, but this ship already sank long ago. 
 undeniably fun at times, but also a little too familiar and derivative to achieve anything other than intermittent pleasures
 It's a shame that Disney won't let this franchise sink. Soon enough, we'll forget why we loved this series in the first place.
 An achiever blockbuster that looks expensive but lacks truly epic or visually spectacular moments. 
 As special effects refers, it's okay but at times the plot becomes unnecessarily long. 
 An exhausting walk down a very long and garish plank.
 The temporary alliances and perpetually battered maps are repetitive, while Depp's signature discombobulated banter, all haphazard and huffy, is mostly played out. What was amusing on first encounter in 2003 is now verging on the boilerplate.
 In its ability to spin mindless fun into heavy-handed bombast, the Pirates franchise is matched only by the Transformers films, and Dead Men Tell No Tales doesn't have the guts to be an exception.
 There are lame, crude jokes about bottoms and horologists. There is $230 million of CG effects that never look like anything more than pixels. And then there's Depp's panto drunkenness.
 It would be a dereliction of duty to pretend any of it is fine... Any pretensions that Pirates isn't a shonky rollercoaster, constructed from dead crabs and dirty tights, has been fully abandoned.
 It's hard to be too enthused by Depp's performance since he's delivering the same repetitious material from the earlier films. The film is far more entertaining when he's off screen.
 The plots of these films have always been nonsensical, but this one seems daft above and beyond the call of duty.
 For a movie that never stops moving, Dead Men Tell No Tales is astoundingly dull, choked to death by expensive CGI, lumbering set-pieces, and a script seemingly cobbled together even after production was underway.
 A film for fans who don't want the ride to end. Folks, this is what beating a dead pirate looks like.
 Zombie sharks are jumped by Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales, our fifth and hopefully final ride through Disney's theme park franchise. You can cut in line ahead of me, if you like.
 The cursed part of the sea, that condemns men to a miserable haunted afterlife once entered, is a cave named the Devil's triangle. As Austin Powers once said, "paging Doctor Freud".
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales isn't just standard issue bad; it's mind-numbingly boring. Abandon ship, gang. Seriously.
 A rote exercise in Disney accounting.
 The plot is nominal, and so are the film's first 90 minutes (Paul McCartney cameo included).
 It's like a piratical Fast and Furious. ... Equally stupid, too.
 Salazar's Revenge may be technically proficient and entertaining enough in fits and starts. But it lacks any real wow factor and struggles to recapture either the ingenuity of the early movies or bring anything new to the mix.
 Not even a change of directors (Norwegian filmmaking partners Joachim Ronning and Espen Sandberg) can alter this oceanic monster's destructive course.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales doesn't make much sense, and when it does, it's yo-ho-ho and a bottle of dumb.
 If being dull, gruesome and obnoxiously loud weren't enough, Dead Men Tell No Tales makes sure to get in a blast of sexism, too.
 Perhaps cold, dead men and women write no reviews. Fortunately, there are survivors to herald the warning. "Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales" is shamefully unforgivable; wasting money, industry support, talent and time.
 It's a perfunctory film to pass some time, but Pirates of the Caribbean is another series suffering from franchise fatigue and it needs to be put to bed or somehow find a fresh lease of life.
 Directors Joachim Rnning and Espen Sandberg soon lose control of their vessel, serving up bland nautical action alongside their predictably unbearable protagonist.
 Indeed, the only appreciation for Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is a damning one: It somehow manages to be worse than the already low expectations set for it.
 Is this really only the fifth entry in the Pirates film franchise? It feels like the 50th. Except for Javier Bardem, who brings a dollop of fresh mischief to this paycheck party, Dead Men has all the flavor of rotting leftovers. 
 Except for a few death-defying special effects, it's two-plus hours of yo-ho-ho and a bottle of dumb.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is so convoluted, it feels like the first seafaring adventure from The Da Vinci Code's Dan Brown.
 The bounty of bawdy bits feel borrowed from Benny Hill ("No woman's ever handled my Herschel before!" says a stunned telescope operator), while the slapstick violence skews toward the Three Stooges.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is an adequate series sequel, but fails to leave any lasting impression on the audience.
 This soggy sequel sails off-course. It's a surreal shipwreck. Argh!
 The result is a bloated, lumbering ship with no one at the helm. 
 The franchise has grown long in the tooth and the film's final scene would be a satisfying end to the series, if Disney's willing to let their cash cow go before it outstays its welcome.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is an egregious example of bloated franchise filmmaking, an exercise stuffed with idiocy and sorely lacking in fun.
 Shhhh! Don't wake Master Depp. He's sleeping through his latest paycheck film.
 In the smaller character moments the film is at its best, so it's a shame the script is such a bucket of burley. 
 The plot is a tired rehash. Still, there's something to be said for big, buoyant spectacle in a summer movie. (I mentioned the ghost sharks, right?)
 The first half-hour seems like a proof of concept of what the series was meant to be -- a binge-worthy, half-hour sitcom rather than a strained, emotionless movie.
 The flick certainly puts its money up on the screen for all to behold. I just wish some of that had gone into paying for a better screenplay. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
 I daresay it is the very best fourth sequel ever made to a movie based on a 50-year-old theme park ride.
 Funny But Too Loud and Dark
 Johnny Depp, has long been afflicted with one of his own: The Curse of the Giant Franchise Movie Series. In his fifth (or is it sixth?) reprise as Captain Jack Sparrow, it's pretty clear this is a marriage of extreme financial convenience and little else.
 ...ultimately feels just as bloated and overlong as any of its subpar predecessors...
 In short, Dead Men Tell No Tales feels like a lazy rehash of old ideas.
 The fact is, Pirates, you are so insultingly lazy it's a wonder anyone puts up with you at all. If you were a person, I'd have thrown you out the house years ago.
 Over the course of 14 years of playing this character, Depp has run out of new things to do with his performance, and is now pretty much emailing it in.
 With no interesting characters to lean on, Rnning and Sandberg need lots of imaginative action set pieces to provide any thrills. Sadly, the action is generic and drags on for far too long, which doesn't help the already lethargic pacing.
 Now in its fifth outing and trying to press reset after an unnecessary fourth movie, Depp's campy performance in that role is losing crucial energy and humour.
 Productions like this come and go, crumbling tentpoles to be replaced by new timber, but they are self-fulfilling prophecies, and dire ones, about the future of the theatrical movie business. They're accomplices in a soul heist.
 For fans who've stayed on board, this is a rewarding final act. But for others who've long since tired of this ride, there's little reason to sail away for this voyage.
 Boring. That's how I'd describe the latest Pirates film. Apparently, live men tell leaden tales like this, overstuffed with subplots and uninteresting characters. I'd rather walk the plank than spend another two hours with Jack Sparrow and company.
 As expected, there's little subtlety in Salazar's Revenge. It's over-the-top comedy and loud action, unnecessarily salacious jokes and copied scenes from the original.
 To accuse Depp of phoning it in would be to flatter him. In this fifth run-out as Sparrow he barely has the energy to tweet it in.
 It's fast paced but goes nowhere new and the film's "bigness" makes it hard to remember what an amazingly unexpected treasure The Curse of the Black Pearl was.
 I can't recommend this film to anyone but "Pirates" diehards, and Johnny Depp devotees.
 Johnny Depp is adrift at sea, shipwrecked aboard a sinking vessel, drowning in a typhoon of CGI murkiness. Savvy?
 Its pleasures are so meager, its delight in its own inventions so forced and false, that it becomes almost the perfect opposite of entertainment.
 Talented cast can't save tired, action-heavy franchise. 
 For as much talking as these characters do about it, the magical thingamajig might as well be the movie's central character.
 If you're willing to pay to see the fifth instalment of a movie that began as a theme park attraction you can't really complain about being taken for a ride.
 Like its predecessors, Dead Men is a wishy-washy movie that isn't violent or edgy enough for adults but feels just a bit too disgusting and unsettling for kids.
 Maybe if I watched it again, Dead Men would make more sense, but here's the thing: I didn't get Curse of the Black Pearl all in one go either, but I knew I wanted to watch it again.
 [It] tries to turn back time, seeking to replicate the first 2003 film's chemistry. That attempt to swim against the tide doesn't entirely work, but at least delivers moments that fleetingly jolt this... fifth installment to sporadic life.
 If you've never seen a Pirates of the Caribbean, this one will pass the time nicely. If you have, Dead Man Tell No Tales may invoke dj vu. 
 Dead Men Tell No Tales hasn't the faintest residue of piratic thrill. It arouses no joy, no sense of daring. The prevailing register, instead, is indifference -- the bone-deep dispassion of mediocrity.
 Unfortunately, giving directors the chance to let their imaginations run riot can lead to tiring excess and that is what happens in this fifth episode of the series.
 No tale at all would have been an improvement on this exhaustively bland one.
 Dead Men Tell No Tales, coming in at a mere 129 minutes, is the shortest of the five films, but it feels like a very long slog from titles to credits.
 Occasionally mildly entertaining, but mostly a dreary chore. 
 A fairly charmless and wearingly frenetic sequel with a feeling of desperate obligation to it. 
 Depp, who once was among the most risk-taking actors in film, seems to be merely going through the motions.
 How was the movie? It was okay, I guess! Second best Pirates of the Caribbean movie! With a bullet! (For the record, that's not really a compliment.)
 Better to scupper this armada of waterlogged mediocrity as soon as possible.
 Been there, plundered that.
 It's not the worst of the Pirates sequels, but it's not anywhere near as good as the first film either.
 There is a nostalgic charm, but like opening a "Greatest Hits" album from an old favorite 14 years on, you aren't at risk of finding anything new here. Much less exciting.
 After sailing around for nearly 15 years, the franchise feels overstuffed and waterlogged, all a-swirl with bustle, swill and bilge.
 The dead tell a tale in the latest Pirates of the Caribbean movie, but unfortunately that tale is erratic, filled with holes, peppered with far-too-convenient plot points and tarnished by over-the-top situations ...
 Padding out its muddled 129 minutes with the sluggish pace of a funeral barge, it marks the ignominious low of a once great series. It lacks yo-ho-ho.
 I often say of these popcorn movies that even when they're fun, they're forgettable. Dead Men was a movie I was forgetting while I was watching it.
 It's stuffed to the gills with effects executed by the highest-paid artists and technicians in the business. But it's still a sorry spectacle.
 Worth it for the astonishing open set-piece, but the rest is hot garbage.
 "Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales" remains true to its Disney theme park roots. Loud, overstimulating and hard to take in all in one sitting, it feels like the vacation that you'll need a vacation from.
 The most see-worthy entry in the 'Pirates' franchise since the first installment, but still a comparatively leaky vessel, with Depp's Sparrow in particular a shadow of his former self.
 Won't do more than recast elements from the first film without bothering to figure out why they worked the first time through or if they should be repeated.
 Typically convoluted and interminable.
 When the opening sequence of Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales was done, I had a huge smile on my face. I wish I could tell you it lasted.
 Does the world really need a fifth Pirates of the Caribbean movie? Is there a limit to the amount of times a Hollywood studio can yell, "Captain Jack is back!" before the collective audience replies: "Who cares?!"
 "Tales" doesn't possess the ambition to be anything more than yet another noisy "Pirates of the Caribbean" misfire.
 Dead men may indeed tell no tales, but dead film franchises will go right on tearing up tickets until audiences finally wise up.
 Early reports on "Dead Men" suggested it was a step up from the last couple of "Pirates" pictures. That's like saying Grandma showed impressive speed in outrunning Great-Grandma.
 In order to survive and thrive, the franchise needs to stop relying solely on Depp and introduce younger characters who can carry future movies.
 It's a strange thing for a movie to get more quiet when cannons fire.
 Maintains its lightweight and sensational standard but seems resigned to continue repeating its Big Hits instead of sailing into unexplored waters. 
 Depp still charms, although his eccentricities get buried under the galumphing theatrics of directors Joaquim Rnning and Espen Sandberg.
 It has a few thrilling action sequences, but it's often loud, dumb, exhausting and, most unfortunately, lacks the wit, excitement and fun that made the first Pirates of the Caribbean so entertaining.
 It's fine for a bit, and even pleasant, but then you realize that you've seen all of these things before, and they aren't getting any fresher.
 Dead men may tell no tales, but bored audience members do. Open bar, anyone? Can we toast the end of this franchise? Please?
 A cartoonish Depp and a muddled plot send this fifth "Pirates" film to the bottom.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales isn't a terrible sequel, just a disappointing one.
 It feels like an eternity of shtick, a ceaseless rattle of cartoon imagery protracted to the point of boredom and exhaustion.
 It's not a great movie or top-notch entertainment, but it does tell a fun enough adventure to regain faith in a saga that had given clear symptoms of burnout. 
 Sparrow even jumps over a shark in Dead Men-a zombie shark, but a shark nonetheless.
 Johnny Depp's perfunctory gestures and flailing pratfalls befit a film that brings the franchise's theme-park roots full circle. 
 The problem is that none of it is fresh; larger helpings of stale ideas cannot mask the thinness of the storytelling.
 The story once again centers on Johnny Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow, a character who at this point makes more sense in a Party City clearance aisle than on a multiplex screen.
 Ever ridden an amusement-park ride once and it was really fun and exciting? And then you rode it again and again and it got less fun, until finally you wondered why you liked it in the first place? And here we are.
 The stench of the inevitable is all over Dead Men Tell No Tales.
 Proves that it may finally be time for Captain Jack to hang up his sword and give up the pirate's life for good.
 If it were better - if it were merely a neutral experience - it might be called a waste of time. But sitting in a theater fighting restless leg syndrome is more than a waste of time; it's actively unpleasant.
 While the pieces remain, there's no life left in this franchise. It should have sailed off into the horizon ten years ago. The Pirates' life is over.
 Trouble is you'll probably have amnesia akin to a Sparrow-inspired hangover tomorrow because you're unlikely to remember much from this tall tale.
 But now we're at the fifth movie with Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Zzzzzzz....sorry, even the title is overlong and dull. 
 [An] ugly skyscraper of a film; to build it must have been a monumental undertaking (that cost Disney a reported $230million), but what, if anything of merit is the outcome?
 The franchise finally overstays its welcome with this cacophony of CGI spectacle, a contrived and confusing plot, and a newly cruel and stupid Jack Sparrow.
 At 129 minutes, it is also the shortest instalment in the Pirates saga, so that's something I suppose.
 After this fifth episode, you'll wish Disney would just declare the franchise dead and tell no more tales.
 So hollow are Henry Turner, Carina, and at this point Jack Sparrow that there's not nearly as much joy as there should be in watching them run amok across the land and sea.
 The film is not unlike a classic rock super group reuniting to play all the greatest hits, with the payday at the end as the only true motivation, rather than returning with something new to say about their work.
 Whatever charm and charisma Johnny Depp once had is well and truly lost at sea.
 I left the theater relieved that Dead Men Tell No Tales is better than the last Pirates movie and also hoping that this IS the last Pirates movie.
 Dead men may tell no tales, but with Disney's latest Pirates sequel, I'm not convinced that living men can tell tales with any more intrigue.
 Better hoist a distress signal fast, maties. This ship's sinking fast -- and there's no safe harbor in sight.
 Five films into the Pirates of the Caribbean series, the truth must be faced: the preening Captain Jack Sparrow, played by Johnny Depp, is just not as charming as he used to be.
 Well, at least it's short. 
 Poor chemistry between Thwaites and Scodelario also dampens the affair, leaving Depp with too much to do.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales suggests the time has come for this franchise to hang up its tricorne hat.
 The franchise has lost a bit of its luster with every successive installment, but never has a "Pirates" film felt this inessential, this depressingly pro forma.
 Not the return to form you might have been hoping for. Its story might cover all the same beats as the 2003 original, but there's little of that film's spark or spirit.
 The long-running joke of the series is that pirate Jack Sparrow never learns and never changes; perhaps after five films a change might do him -- and us -- some good.
 It is time to let this series rest in peace, or at the very least, spend the rest of its doomed, immortal days sinking to the bottom of the ocean.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man Tell No Tales is practically incoherent.
 Manages to put a bit of wind back in the sails; though not enough to return the franchise to its swashbuckling best.
 Dead Men Tell No Tales moves at a faster rate of knots than any Pirates film; trouble is, nothing has really been added. It's the same soggy ride, set to a marginally preferable speed.
 Cinematic fool's gold. Choppy waters ahead for the franchise...
 The whole movie is so nonsensical that it almost seems like a misguided aesthetic choice.
 Depp remains wholeheartedly the focus of this fifth Pirates film, and saying the character's loopy novelty has faded is like complaining that there are maggots in the below-decks gruel: You knew what you were getting when you came aboard.
 ... the vulgarity can reach unimaginable heights. 
 Baywatch's smug smirk of a reaction to its own sloppiness makes it even more infuriating.
 Sadly, it's yet another disingenuous, botched adaptation that wants to make money off of the fan base, while conveying obvious embarrassment toward the property.
 Forget the movie's amped-up ocean rescues: Someone was needed to rescue a screenplay that should have been beached.
 Eventually, even the deliberate bad jokes dry up and the gorgeous beach shots struggle to keep you under its 'future vacation' dream spell.
 The biggest disappointment of this feature is that it's not even so bad it's good.
 Superficial, cheesy and most notably, ridiculous; Baywatch rests somewhere between a homage to the hit television show and an R-rated parody.
 With minor appearances from some of the original cast, it's unlikely to evoke too much nostalgia-if indeed such a thing existed for the original.
 The'Baywatch reboot is mildly diverting but altogether dull. Summer fun shouldn't feel like such a chore.
 Director Seth Gordon fails to present us with a product full of technical glitches that are very noticeable, like the visual effects used in the film, because they feel extremely false. 
 It's as if we're seeing the product of no one behind the scenes caring about what's going in front of the camera. 
 In general terms, the tape drowns in the middle of a dull script and does not come out completely afloat. 
 At least Hasselhoff's dumb show didn't actively make you feel worse about the state of the world.
 Baywatch had so much riding on it but it just couldn't live up to the original series.
 The radiating charisma and talent from Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron come very, very close to saving Baywatch
 Fortunately, what keeps this film afloat - barely - is its spot-on casting. Everyone is picture perfect.
 There are more than a few instances of jokes falling with a thud or succumbing to pervasive predictability over the course of its nearly two hours on the screen, leaving Baywatch awash in a sea of mediocrity. 
 The new Baywatch is supposed to be a knowing wink to that already winking original, but all that winking adds up. It seems less sly than manic, like it's clobbering you with elbow nudges.
 Overall Baywatch has a committed, beautiful and charming cast but fails to give them a fun story to work with, instead we are left with something that is not offensively bad just intermittently daft.
 An awful, interminable TV remake...
 Here is a film so poor, so half-arsed, and so contemptuous of its audience, that it screws up one of the great, (previously) infallible tropes of contemporary cinema: the David Hasslehoff cameo.
 It's a long haul and despite his rescue efforts, the one-joke script fails to make it.
 The superheroes of today are bent on pushing comedies, and the half heroes who inhabit Baywatch deliver a comedy to their measure. 
 Baywatch is another poor Hollywood attempt to capitalize on nostalgia. 
 The guffaws were few and far between.
 It mixes too many unfinished things to know how to do it to make the whole thing work. 
 A very light comedy with a lot of swearing in it. Beyond that, they didn't add anything new to the concept of the series on which it is based. 
 A film that only seeks to exploit nostalgia and tries to do (without success) what 21 Jump Street managed to revive a tv show and bring it to the big screen. 
 Instead of relying on the freshness of the series, it ends up being a banal, inexplicable and unnecessary updating. 
 It was difficult by its origin that this film was a masterpiece, at least it could've been more funny and surpass the original series (which isn't much to ask for). 
 I think the chemistry between The Rock and Zac Efron is good, but the film is bad. 
 Dwayne Johnson struggles to hold a comedy in search of its own identity. 
 An utter waste of production resources as well as viewers' time and money.
 Baywatch makes CHIPS look like Citizen Kane. 
 Baywatch could be a disposable and effective pop referent for these times, but was content to be a mediocre adaptation. 
 It takes a special kind of effort to make the worst movie of the year. It's only May, but we have a leading contender.
 When a movie is so good at analysing its own shortcomings, it's time to reach for drowning metaphors.
 Everything in this movie is a miss.
 The people who need saving the most in Baywatch are the likable cast with nothing to do but look good in a movie that's otherwise a conceptual disaster. 
 It boasts unpardonably terrible CGI, even worse green screen effects, and the maturity of a 12-year-old boy whose internet privileges have been revoked.
 Sadly, this movie falls back on cheap jokes that simply aren't that funny. Fans of Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron will still have a good time -- they're both unstoppably engaging -- but the truth is that this simply isn't good enough.
 Let it drown. 
 [A] pained, inane take on crime-fighting lifeguards.
 Baywatch is the latest in an increasingly long line of TV adaptation misfires, and it's one with some of the biggest names attached.
 Gets everything dismally wrong, up to and including the 'bloopers' shown over the credits - always a sign of desperation.
 Witless, crude and deeply disappointing.
 From scene to scene, it's never quite clear whether this Baywatch is paying tribute to its model or sending it up.
 Good cast is wasted in this unfunny, predictable and flat wave of a film. 
 Teeters between absurdity and earnestness.
 What a wasted chance at, ahem, a bouncy start of the summer movie season.
 The pair have good chemistry, but the film falls apart when Gordon tries (too hard) to turn it into a crime caper.
 The sheer ineptitude in execution, coupled with the desperation to extract a big budget action/comedy vibe from such a creatively bankrupt project, is almost fascinating enough to warrant a scared straight program for budding producers.
 You know you're sunk when even the outtakes of a comedy aren't funny.
 Thank heaven for Dwayne Johnson, whose foot-wide smile will not be switched off, and who saves the life of the movie. Whether it deserves to be saved is another matter.
 Once its ravishing veneer has worn off, you are left only with cheap special effects, limp writing and the absence of comedic inspiration. On the other hand, if tiny swimsuits and tinier intellects are your thing, look no further.
 An unfunny script doesn't get funnier just because it gets to use the F-word. Making a plotline more complicated doesn't make it more interesting or more meaningful. Easter eggs are only fun if they're clever.
 Baywatch might've been more watchable if it managed to have a bit more actual fun, not dunce-level antics masquerading as fun.
 The best joke in the movie is one that comes at the expense of fans.
 While Baywatch ain't all bad -- it stars the unfeasibly likeable Dwayne Johnson, for cryin' out loud -- there isn't enough good stuff to fill a two-hour movie.
 If the writers intended it as an out-and-out parody, it needs to be funnier than this.
 Cynical and gross.
 Baywatch is easily one of the worst films of the summer and one that I hope audiences won't spend any of their hard-earned money on.
 "This sounds like an entertaining but far-fetched TV show!" exclaims Efron's character. Oh, we know, Zac. Because it's a "Baywatch" movie. Good joke.
 There is some sweetness, some vulgarity, a bit of improv weirdness and some nerd-gets-hot-girl wish fulfilment. You would think that by dint of trying all angles, at least one joke would land, but you would be wrong.
 a mishmash of puerile humor, egregious comic timing, and so many genitalia jokes that one ponders the self-esteem surrounding such things of the writers involved in formulating them.
 Even the inevitable cameos from David Hasselhoff and Pamela Anderson are mishandled, thrown away.
 The combination of over-the-top action-movie stunts and crass humor is shameless, both below-the-belt and beneath most folks' IQs.
 The Rock is fun to watch, for a while at least. The rest is one big fat wallow in instant stupid.
 Unlike the setup, the story founders and cramps like a tourist who swam too soon after an all-you-can-eat buffet, which is pretty much the only thing the filmmakers don't toss into the water by film's end. 
 This misguided comedy has zero perspective on the low-grade titillation that made the series weirdly popular.
 Lower what little expectation you have going in and you'll still be disappointed. 
 For a movie that's allegedly a comedy, it never feels like it's having fun.
 After a spoof-worthy opening title sequence, that features dolphins and Johnson's impressive pecs, there's not one fresh or inspired moment in "Baywatch."
 DOA before the first jiggly body ever hits the beach
 If you can actually stand to watch all of "Baywatch" (the end-credit outtakes aren't too bad), it will eventually remind you of exactly how godawful the '90s TV series was.
 Despite the charm of Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron, Baywatch is an overlong comedy with more notable action than humor.
 A beach-slap to anyone with a brain. Embodies everything that is wrong with Hollywood today. It is proudly dumb. It is proudly sexist. It is proudly pointless.
 Has Baywatch managed to successfully navigate a tv-to-film crossover? Not in the slightest. It's beyond disappointing and will undoubtedly feature in many 'Worst of 2017' lists.
 More surreal stuff like [the opening], and you might have had something original. Instead, it's just dead in the water.
 Not even Dwayne Johnson's buoyant charm nor Zac Efron's self-mocking cool can prevent this wantonly crude Baywatch reboot from sinking like a stone.
 Dragged down by the weight of its many conflicting ideas, "Baywatch" flails about like a drowning victim that's incapable of rescue, ultimately leaving a bloated corpse of a movie washed ashore at the multiplex.
 It feels like a mishmash of half-baked one-liners with very little to connect them. Lacking a unified core -- like a confused, theme-challenged restaurant that serves cupcakes, fried chicken and hummus -- the film resorts to idiotic spectacle.
 Fans of the TV show will be disappointed because the only bouncing breasts seen belong to star Dwayne Johnson. As to the story, writing, and acting, not one of them makes an appearance, so it is faithful to the TV show in those regards.
 Not even Zac Efron's abs can distract us from the fact that we are treading in shallow, shallow waters.
 Mainly this ridiculous thing lurches from genre to genre without director Seth Gordon ever establishing a credible threat.
 "Occupies a sort of cinematic no man's land- not funny enough to be a comedy, while not really understanding the appeal of its source material" (Splice Today) 
 Baywatch the TV show was never particularly memorable. But save for a few penis jokes, Baywatch the movie serves as a reminder that sometimes an unremarkable past is better left alone.
 At its best, this big-screen version of the fin de sicle TV series evokes the rapture of the shallows. At its worst, where to begin?
 Baywatch in its big blockbuster iteration is a flippant, juvenile comedy, only nominally indebted to its source material and desperate to prove itself above it.
 The raunchiness includes male nudity involving a corpse, which is really a phrase that sums up a certain kind of Hollywood comedy in recent years.
 An example of lazy writing and direction with the vague hope that perhaps the involvement of Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson will attract viewers.
 ... drowns in its convoluted and melodramatic storyline, apparently unaware that that's not what we came to see.
 This movie ought to be brainless summer fun. I'm sorry it isn't. No one expects Shakespearean dialogue or plotting in a movie based on the jiggly TV series of the 1990s, but even the breeziest summer escapism shouldn't be this stupid.
 Ever sat in a wet bathing suit for a prolonged period? It's uncomfortable. Sitting through Baywatch feels like that.
 This big screen adaptation of the '90s jiggle-fest edges very close to guilty pleasure territory. But it out-stays its welcome - and fails to deliver any big laughs.
 Stereotypes, sexism, violence in terrible remake. 
 The results are middling at best despite the efforts of the always charismatic Johnson who was seemingly born to appear in such mixed genre films. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
 The most clever thing Gordon gives us is in the opening credits... It's all downhill from there.
 What you've got is some basic R-rated humor, a few funnies, some tanned, toned bodies and a half-baked plot - nothing more, but maybe a little less. It's "Baywatch." What did you expect?
 While there might be plenty of gags in the script, there is, frankly, little that is original about Baywatch's comedy.
 Most of the "jokes," such as they were, have a mean-spirited edge and virtually none of them made me laugh.
 Even a couple of explosive action scenes and key cameos can't do much to keep the film afloat.
 For the most part, Baywatch resembles a scarce amount of its origin and relies on a none-too-arch humor that misses more than it hits.
 The film's big lesson, which Brody learns at great length, is that there is no I in team. True enough, but in Baywatch, there is contained a question: Y Watch?
 The bikinis and biceps raunch-com "Baywatch" is - as you'd expect - preposterous. But much to our amusement, the major players are in on the joke, except the joke never evolves.
 There are funny moments in "Baywatch," most of them courtesy of Johnson, who has become a sharp comic performer. But there aren't enough of them ...
 Baywatch is surprisingly without sexism or condescension: It's equal-opportunity stupid.
 When you make films from junk TV, more often than not you're going to wind up with a junk movie.
 A Baywatch movie needn't be high art -- its TV inspiration certainly wasn't -- but did it have to be this inane?
 The lowbrow humor is lazy and repetitive, and the action scenes are flat-out terrible.
 This might actually be worse than the TV show.
 It chucks a bunch of f-bombs, dick jokes, and gross out gags, creating a crude comedy that's more often repulsive than fun.
 "Baywatch" is no day on the beach.
 Johnson being Johnson, he's still a delight to watch. But there's only so much a charismatic giant can do when he's up against a blend of lazy gross-out humor and inane male wish fulfillment weighed down by terrible editing and lame action.
 Baywatch simply isn't funny, and is a waste of Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron's talents.
 Which is it, "Baywatch" team - winkingly sly, or flat-out silly?
 [A] harmless bad movie is still nothing more than a harmless bad movie, thus forgetting about it afterwards is a remarkably easy thing to do.
 It's all just a day at the beach, harmlessly fun and instantly forgettable.
 Charming enough, but it hits a dead spot somewhere between homage and parody. Hey, at least the pretty people had fun. 
 Yet another misfire based on a crummy old TV series...a would-be summer blockbuster that might not be as excruciatingly bad as you might fear but certainly isn't a cinematic day at the beach.
 There are a couple of decent action sequences and a nice running gag of insults directed at Efron's pretty-boy looks, but those are hardly reasons to make an entire movie, let alone one that's nearly two hours long.
 Baywatch doesn't know whether it wants to be satirical or sincere.
 A full feature with a storyline that an enterprising six-year-old might have thought was a little too rudimentary.
 Johnson is too bright a personality to be dimmed by the crumpled wad of post-it notes the production calls a screenplay, but Efron proves once again that funny business is not in his bones.
 Baywatch, the big-screen reboot of the hugely popular 90s TV show, dials up the raunch-factor with piles of gross-out jokes and lingering shots of impeccably honed limbs, but still remains peculiarly limp and lifeless.
 Baywatch is an exercise is self-reflexive irony and kitsch. It's mocking the original TV series -- which seems pretty pointless given that the series was tongue in cheek anyway.
 It eventually gets wearisome, despite the best efforts of Efron and especially Johnson, who can enliven any scene.
 Something either went wrong or didn't go right enough. With all those nice-looking people in bathing suits and everyone on screen and in the audience ready to have a good time, "Baywatch" should have been a lot more fun.
 Baywatch works hard to earn its R rating, but this kind of tame raunch won't amuse anybody who's seen a comedy in the last twenty years.
 Unlike the great movies based on TV shows, Baywatch never decided if it was making fun of the show... or celebrating it... It doesn't so much try to have it both ways as it just doesn't seem to understand there are ways at all.
 The listless, witless Baywatch belly-flops while trying to emulate the irreverent action-comedy template popularised by the 21 Jump Street films.
 It wants to be a self-aware, R-rated comedy and a straightforward action picture. At any moment, it's one or the other but never both.
 Too bad Johnson's formidable powers don't extend to resuscitating the rest of "Baywatch," a film soon revealed to be dead on arrival.
 Beyond the sun burn and baby oil, the film's similarities with its source material can barely squeeze into its little red trunks.
 Ultimately, Baywatch can never make up its mind whether it wants to mock glitzy softcore action-fests or just be one.
 Johnson is as likable an actor as there is, and it's to the actors' credit that they buy in to the stupidity. But there aren't enough laughs and not nearly enough story.
 The movie is all preening and very few laughs, though Daddario and Efron have a few moments, and Johnson remains a supremely likable slab of movie star.
 The rare movie that even the Teflon-coated, thousand-watt charisma of Dwayne Johnson can't save.
 This bombastic reboot, directed incompetently by Seth Gordon, is held together with nothing more than hopes, dreams and neoprene, and inevitably, all of those systems fail. 
 Baywatch has the expected eye candy, but is not clever and poorly made. Let the riptide drag you away from this one.
 It revives the formula with a lascivious wink. But a light hearted tone, gross out gags and stream of bantz are a poor substitute for a decent joke or a smart script.
 Having attempted to replicate what Jump Street did right, the writers of Baywatch seemingly understand very little about what made Lord and Miller's films genuinely hilarious, going for crass jokes containing very little intelligence.
 Baywatch is taken down by an undertow of overthinking, over-raunching, and generally a complete miss of what made this series so absurdly popular for so long.
 It washes up on the beach like a dead whale.
 A corporate version of an R-rated comedy, neither as bad nor as funny as it could have been.
 Some decent gags, but the film quickly falls to pieces despite Johnson's best efforts.
 Ultimately, this film should have been left in the beach hut, and certainly not encouraged to step on to the sand.
 The mark Baywatch should be aiming for is 21 Jump Street. Bad news: it's ended up more like 21 Chump Street.
 A character acknowledging that the proceedings resemble an "entertaining but far-fetched TV show" isn't enough to make Baywatch anything more than the cynical cash grab that it is.
 Most of the time "Baywatch" plays too much like an episode of "Baywatch," as though the filmmakers had filmed a straight-faced script written in 1995 by mistake.
 Ultimately more forgettable then deplorable, "Baywatch" isn't so much a disastrous spill in the ocean as it is disposable garbage making a mess. 
 Baywatch may promote a cast of (mostly) hardbodies, but its two-hour length is bloated to a point where no push-ups or dietary restrictions can help.
 Baywatch is a running gag in slow motion, a thong-in-cheek TV retread swapping wholesome jiggles for dirty giggles. There are places for such humor but beaches don't have gutters.
 Less a satire or commentary on its source than a straight-faced episode of 'Baywatch' with R-rated jokes thrown in. 
 The excessive runtime, repetitive antics, cringeworthy cameos and tediously formulaic denouement means that a film that feels like a fun splash-about at the outset is itself in dire need of rescue by the end.
 Try as it might to have heart, the film still ends up being little more than an unrelenting invitation for cinemagoers to ogle.
 A summer franchise movie that can't decide if it wants to be a hard-R bawdy comedy, a d-bag-comes-of-age tale or a fairly unironic reboot of the glossy TV show, Baywatch fails at all three.
 Even as it adds R-rated language and nudity, "Baywatch" remains as out of touch as an old Playboy party joke.
 Baywatch wastes its attractive cast on tired jokes and nothing -- not even the element of surprise -- on its side.
 Glug glug glug, jugs jugs jugs. Ugh. 
 By about halfway in, the gags dry up and the story sinks like an overweight tourist who took a dip too early after the all-you-can-eat surf'n'turf buffet.
 If there's one good thing that can come from the wreckage of this movie, it's for Chopra's career in Hollywood films to take off.
 Unfunny, unthrilling and unsexy, this doesn't even reach the low bar set by the source material.
 The talents of Mssrs. The Rock and Efron - and they are legion - fall short of the Herculean task that is saving Baywatch from itself.
 Has its share of hilarious moments but never fully commits to the absurd, and even the cleverest jokes get so many callbacks, they're beating a dead seahorse.
 Stupidly entertaining...for a while.
 What starts so promisingly quickly becomes so generic.
 It's eerily similar to the TV show, but not strictly in content or execution... No, what the film-makers have captured and emulated is the TV show's trademark combination of conspicuous sleaze and formal naivety.
 It will be exceptionally difficult to imagine anyone sticking around long enough to see what the franchise's future installments have to offer.
 Tom Cruise's steadiness powers a lot of his late-period action movies. In The Mummy it starts to feel like a constraint.
 There are some good spooky bits early on, but when the movie stops making sense, you'll stop paying attention.
 It feels less like a movie than a series of compromises worked out by a corporate committee.
 The filmmakers take the sexist adage, "Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned," to heart. 
 Let the dead continue to slumber. Please.
 It has the definite stink of a filmmaking-by-committee project even without the franchise-building.
 If this is a sign of things to come, the "Dark Universe" should be buried and left to rot beside "Dracula Untold."
 Diverting by only the lowest of standards, this film is saved from one-star indignity by mere virtue of its production value. But make no mistake -- this is a bad movie.
 The first entry in Universal Pictures' monster franchise comes across as a desperate attempt by the studio to capitalise on Hollywood's current world-building frenzy. 
 "Where's your sense of adventure," asks military soldier/treasure hunter Nick (played by Tom Cruise with his usual charisma and flair for dangerous stunt work) to his partner. It's the same question I pose to The Mummy reboot
 The gaps in logic are more like crevasses and they occur right up to the credits. 
 This is meant to be a caper in the style, one imagines, of Indiana Jones, but it barely raises a laugh. Cruise may be many things but Harrison Ford he ain't. Or Michael Douglas, come to that.
 The sound and visual effects artists have also earned their salaries by creating a creepy Mummy with a distinctive voice. The screenplay isn't as strong.
 A film that approaches Cruise like it's 1996. Never settles into a groove and it's constantly suffering from an identity crisis.
 The Mummy is a prime example of how a big studio can ruin a film by misdirecting its focus on spectacle over a cogent story, something that audiences have grown weary of.
 You should skip it because it's worse than incompetent: It's soulless.
 The characters are empty and do nothing to prevent the movie from turning into a film where almost anything seems posible. 
 I don't want my Mummy.
 A product made just to copy the Marvel formula, but without understanding exactly why that formula has worked so well. 
 [The] direction is so unassured and nervous that it feels like he second guessed every choice in the film.
 You will not hate it but it's better to save your money and watch The Mummy with Brendan Fraser on Universal Channel, a little jewel that will put a smile on your face, this one instead will make you see double. 
 A film that could have been a perfectly serviceable Tom Cruise vehicle had it not also had to lay out an overarching mythology for Universal's so-called "Dark Universe".
 Some movies feel like they're made by a committee, The Mummy feels like it was made by a conference call during which nobody was listening to one another. 
 If the future films are as monstrous as this one, it will be a dark universe indeed.
 It's mildly entertaining, though its numerous famous screenwriters won't be bragging at parties about its originality.
 Remember the scene in Dawn of Justice where Batman sends Wonder Woman an email explaining the plot of the next film? That's the entire second act here.
 The main problem with this new version is that it doesn't know what it wants. Or, rather, it knows what it wants, but there are so many things that it ends up stumbling over itself. 
 It's a shame that Universal has allowed the production of an insultingly weak product. 
 Kurtzman prefers the kid fodder of zombies, rot and crazy double-irised eyeballs to romance. And by the time of the final wire-work fight, with Cruise and Boutelle throwing each other around the room, it's all just another bent tent pole.
 Alex Kurtzman's The Mummy reboots a franchise I would gladly have dispensed with from the start.
 A fairly forgettable and ill-conceived summer blockbuster...
 never really works because it is so focused on laying the groundwork for future installments that it sacrifices narrative engagement in the here and now.
 This is the beginning of the "Dark Universe", and that only makes doubly painful this failed attempt to create a universe of films that could work better independently. 
 It reaches the minimum levels of entertainment but the truth is that we are before a film that it only goes halfway to what it aimed to be. 
 The characters read like they're from a recipe book, and, if we're being honest, it's a dish we've already had too many times.
 Taken on its own, The Mummy is your standard sub-par summer blockbuster. The kind that will be forgotten very quickly. What makes the film worse is its standing as the apparent starting block for an ambitious new film series.
 Of the many huge problems with The Mummy, the most fatal is this: There's just plain no reason to care about any of it. (Splice Today) 
 The Mummy is a lumbering monster of a film. Despite its limited intelligence, however, it is still capable of maximum destruction.
 It took me a while but it finally clicked about an hour into Alex Kurtzman's hilarible The Mummy that the whole thing wasn't a really bad movie, but a really bad videogame in bad-movie form. 
 While it is a nice twist to make The Mummy a princess, Sofia Boutella's bringer of destruction feels like a sideshow in her own story.
 Like the 1999 Mummy, this is built around its leading man rather than its menace - but Cruise, cast as a generic redeemable rogue (ie unlikeable asshole), brings to the game less than Dick Foran did for a fraction of the cost in The Mummy's Hand (1940).
 Had it not been for all the clumsy Dark Universe building, The Mummy might well have soared as an old-school, Gothic-era Monster Romp. 
 It's not enough to promise moviegoers that the two hours of movie they just sat through will pay off in another year or two or three, when the sequel arrives. They have to pay off now.
 Worst Movie I've Seen In Months
 The soft and squishy ending serves to undercut any edge or originality the movie might have had and we wind up getting precisely what was advertised - some cool effects, a couple of thrills and not much more.
 Even Cruise doesn't seem convinced by the setup.
 Pathetic on just about every level.
 [The film is] its own kind of black magic: an absolutely putrid movie without any of the fun normally associated with putrid movies.
 No, The Mummy is not a good movie... But I still liked it -- or at the very least, thoroughly enjoyed turning off my brain to watch -- and I'll probably watch it again, likely when I'm too lazy to find the remote to change it.
 The new Mummy is a woman, Princess Ahmanet (Sofia Boutella), whose lust to rule got her cursed and interred. Set free, she sucks the life from others and creates zombie servants. I'm not exactly sure you can chalk that up as a win for gender equality
 Universal Studios misses an opportunity to bring back their classic monsters, deploying a franchise that fails at its start and a tomb nearby to see their boxing intentions buried. 
 The Mummy is just a desperate and insufficient attempt to wake the iconic monsters of Universal through a proposal of lax horror and little challenge. 
 Tom Cruise is totally on Cruise control in this clunker of a movie. He's in great shape for the film, unfortunately the movie is not.
 Let's not mince words. As a kickoff to a proposed new series of films, dubbed the "Dark Universe"... The Mummy is a very bad movie.
 As the beginning of an ongoing series, it's an utter bore, one with only the faintest grasp of what made Universal's monster pictures so iconic all those decades ago.
 No amount of clunky expository dialogue can untangle this mess of bones, bandages and bald commercial cynicism.
 Miscast and misdirected, Cruise can't conquer the towering monstrosity that is Kurtzman's ugly, senseless, and boring monster movie.
 It's not enough to copy your favourite movies, you have to understand why they work.
 You only have to watch the trailer to know that Producer-Director Alex Kurtzman's reboot of Brendan Fraser's once-charming mummy movies is full of embalming fluid.
 In the end, the 2017 version mostly makes one yearn for the 1999 reboot... It isn't all bad, though... Tom makes getting beat down look believably good.
 The Mummy is everything wrong with the current state of cinema. Hollywood is giving movie fans content they didn't ask for, and are expecting them to accept it with applause.
 The film is a series of failed attempts and combinations that don't fit. 
 Without any sense of mystery, danger or fun, this superficial concept plays like an elaborate, expensive prologue for future films in the 'Dark Universe' franchise.
 The Dark Universe kick-off is not up to the level of previous expectations, much less does justice to the career of that Hollywood star that is Cruise. 
 A futile attempt by Universal to revisit its glorious monster past, in one of the sorriest Mummy versions ever.
 A plastic product made by mercenaries, pimps and profiteers rather than filmmakers who give a damn.
 The Mummy promises a fantastical world of supernatural beings colliding and collaborating, forgetting that if no one cares about any one of these beings in particular, they're not going to be sold on seeing them together, either.
 Is The Mummy any good? Not really, but it's OK. Is it good enough to launch a franchise? Absolutely not.
 This Dark Universe looks more like a cheeky adaptation of League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. The best thing that can happen with the film is that the distributors realize that making universes is a bad idea. 
 The B-movie summer season is here with Tom Cruise backing into Indiana Jones.
 It doesn't really know what it is. In trying to offer a little bit of everything, it instead amounts to a lot of nothing.
 The Mummy is at best a muddled echo of the kinds of things that more seasoned franchises do much better.
 There are one or two fun moments, particularly when Boutella gets to cut loose, but she's a monster in dire need of more screentime and a much better film.
 A mummy movie should be creepy, but not in such a misanthropic and misogynistic sense.
 The script lacks vigour, and overall the enterprise is hopelessly derivative.
 With a clunky script, uninspired female characters and, dare I say it, miscasting of Cruise, The Mummy is a tangle of ideas on a decomposing skeleton.
 A hollow blockbuster experience, lacking in emotion and scares. 
 The legendary movie monster has been resurrected so many times since 1932 that the latest reboot not only has no freshness, it's also scare-free.
 "The Mummy" is a combo that offers fast food service for a less demanding moviegoer: it will fill while you eat, but it has no other value. 
 Plays as if its creators spent too much time trying to guess what people wanted to see, and not enough on what kind of movie they'd like to make.
 The film is correct, but doesn't deepen in the myth nor appeals to the saga that had moments of glory in the hand of classic horror cinema makers. 
 The Mummy suffers from indecision, doesn't know what kind of movie it wants to be. 
 Once you dig beneath the slick surface, it's all quite formulaic and predictable, hardly bothering to explain the logic.
 Universal's Dark Universe franchise stumbles badly in its first installment. The Mummy is a bloated spectacle with a weak script and terrible performances.
 A dreadful pastiche of tried-and-false devices from the Indiana Jones, Dracula, Living Dead, Fast & Furious franchises -- with a little Lawrence of Arabia.
 The plot was mindless, the characters lacked depth, and the overall film was incoherently busy.
 The action, as with most everything about The Mummy, is fine, rarely impressive, and never inventive.
 The Mummy is a mess, a movie in such a hurry to introduce more monsters under Universal's "Dark Universe" banner that it comes awkwardly wrapped in impenetrable layers of exposition.
 The Mummy is the perfect movie if you love mindless big-budget special effects extravaganzas but absolutely hate having fun.
 Glib, charmless, written-by-committee piffle with no character. 
 Far from leaving you excited by the prospect of a Dark Universe packed with monsters, The Mummy leaves you cursing your own misfortune at having been tricked into seeing it.
 The lurching undead may be necessary for this property, but the movie itself resembles them in all the wrong ways.
 The big problem with The Mummy is that too much junk has been loaded onto the story line.
 If you're that hungry for a dark monster-o-rama universe... then, for the love of James Whale, Boris Karloff and Ernest Thesiger, go back and binge-watch the originals, then chase it with two seasons of Penny Dreadful. 
 A wise man once said, "Only a fool would make a campy horror movie into a serious drama." Actually, no one ever said that, but they should have, preferably on Tom Cruise's voicemail.
 The Mummy enjoys itself by updating some corny old horror-flick clichs, but the application of uber-gizmo technology can't camouflage the absence of oomph in the screenplay.
 Even putting aside the basic filmmaking issues the movie has, where The Mummy suffers is trying to kickstart an entire universe in one film.
 Despite all these connections, no one seemed to realize they were writing a script that, aside from a plane-crash sequence filmed in zero gravity, plays to exactly none of Cruise's strengths. 
 It probably isn't much of a surprise to most people, but The Mummy is the kind of film you watch on a lazy weekend, splayed on the couch with nothing better to do.
 Cruise's The Mummy merely updates the horror genre to fit a meaningless, diversionary paradigm...[It] does little more than reflect dark, Millennial political unease.
 Everything on-screen has been extravagantly over-designed, with cavernous sets that have been made deliberately dark and sooty. But this leaves the entire movie feeling artificial, random mayhem in fake places.
 The Mummy makes Tom Cruise's couch-jumping antics look sane.
 This misbegotten, incoherent Mummy is a muddle of too much exposition, too many tired tropes from past Cruise movies and some of the worst plotting and dialogue this side of a creaky 1940s radio serial.
 It has been made with skill and hits its marks. But those marks are so low and so brazenly mercenary that it doesn't feel like much of an achievement. It's not involving.
 The movie itself is rather like the Hollywood mummies of old: There it walks, lurching from side to side on rigid legs, deadly in its intent but uncertain of the right path, trailing bandages as it goes.
 More sub-par Tom Cruise vehicle than entertaining monster movie.
 Cruise's witty banter is crowded out by special-effects overkill.
 The Mummy isn't a failure, exactly. In order to fail at something, one must try to do it well in the first place.
 Kurtzman does a decent job with the film's tone, keeping it light and humorous, but the only thing at stake seems to be the future of the Dark Universe, which means more to Universal's bottom line than it does to modern audiences.
 Visual effects alone can't draw in an audience when a film is fatally overlong and we don't really care about the characters. I would offer one word of advice to the filmmakers, based on this cluttered remake of The Mummy: simplify.
 Tom Cruise doesn't strike me as horror movie star. As if to prove the premise, he's in a horror movie that isn't that good. Needs a sense of humor & Cruise doesn't have one. 
 Stunningly bad.
 The reboot of The Mummy is a whole mish-mash of nothing. It's loud, it's action-packed, and it's full of Tom Cruise running, but barely anything about it is truly memorable.
 The Mummy is a great big expensive mess of a movie. It has the visual ambitions of a Lawrence of Arabia as it uses the vast desert horizon as an existential reference, but it has the emotional depth of a Martin Lawrence Big Momma comedy.
 I was curious enough about Universal's decision to exhume its classic monsters to hold on until the zombie crusader frogmen started swimming after amoral (but maybe-redeemable) soldier of fortune Tom Cruise. No one would blame you for checking out sooner.
 The Mummy doesn't have anywhere near enough adequate bits to get people excited for its own third act -- which unfurls in a gigantic maelstrom of computerized effects -- much less a whole franchise.
 A soulless, flat insult to contemporary audiences.
 I have never seen a movie work harder or more hopelessly...not merely to launch a new franchise, but to jump from a standing start into a full-blown Marvel-style shared cinematic universe in one go.
 Somewhere, Brendan Fraser and awful early-200s CGI artists (remember the Scorpion King spinoff?) smirk in satisfaction.
 It's hard to tell if it's Cruise or the dragging weight of the movie, but he's almost totally devoid of the star power that makes the "Mission: Impossible" movies compulsively watchable.
 Universal wants to establish a "dark" universe, but there's nothing dark about this movie at all except for its insistence to mute every color in existence.
 This one is going in a lot of different directions at once.
 "The Mummy" is trying to do so many different things, has so many different reasons for being (not to mention so many screenwriters), that a kind of narrative chaos is the all but inevitable result.
 The big thrills and few laughs are no match for the cumbersome, convoluted story, not to mention the nonexistent chemistry between Cruise and Wallis.
 Always feels like a marketing strategy first and a movie second (sometimes a distant second).
 Did our hero even bother to read the script for this toxic CGI dump site?
 The only time that The Mummy does resemble that Boris Karloff original is in the way the plot staggers about in a multi-genre pile-up that perhaps seems over anxious to cover too many bases in one sweeping epic.
 It's a film that finds room for some truly excellent set-pieces, costume design, digital effects and sets, but just can't get one scene to engage with the next. 
 We all like a few hieroglyphics with our hokum, but this is too much, an absolute barrage of digitally enhanced silliness that not even Tom Cruise and Russell Crowe can save.
 Kurtzman has a style that could generously be described as "accommodating." In lieu of any strong vision of his own, he seems content to assemble The Mummy out of a hodgepodge of commercial ideas.
 Going in to Alex Kurtzman's inaugural Dark Universe outing, The Mummy, I had a lot of excitement. Excitement that was quickly dashed.
 [The Mummy] begins with B-movie fun, but descends into an impenetrable soup of battling pixels.
 Someone needs to plunge a wooden stake into the heart of this franchise. Yes, I know that's for vampires rather than mummies. But seriously, I'll try anything.
 The many pieces that inspired this uninspiring Mummy just don't fit together, making for a drab exercise that lacks focus
 A blaring, bloated zombie of a movie.
 Sandstorms, spiders, crows, rats, zombies... lots of zombies. Alas, nothing as exciting as a WWE star on his way to becoming Hollywood legend.
 [T]his is a prime example of bait-and-switch advertising.
 Narratively incoherent and full of cheese and camp, this movie makes it clear that the mummy should have remained dead and buried.
 Universal might have found more tonal consistency if it just straight-up remade Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein.
 This "The Mummy" is a disjointed mess. It lacks horror and suspense. It is very generic and formulaic, as if written by rote, with a fill-in-the-monster-blank antagonist.
 The action thriller The Mummy, meant to be the Big Bang of Universal's new "Dark Universe" franchise, is something of a wet firecracker, more a corporate-driven branding exercise than a living, breathing movie of its own.
 "The Mummy" is the rare Cruise film that doesn't quite give audiences their money's worth.
 At one point in "The Mummy," Tom Cruise is threatened with doom by a ghoul who warns him, "There are some fates worse than death." Starring in a film like this is one of them.
 It lacks the adventure-for-adventure's sake quality of the previous franchise, also called The Mummy and starring Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz, and its attempts at humour are... unconvincing.
 Frenetic action and some ghoulish effects make this anemic thriller a mindless piece of popcorn fare.
 As for me, I'll be rewatching the crypt-cold classic Karloff version this evening to wash the digital sand out of my memory.
 In an industry cursed by a paucity of ideas, The Mummy points to the future by exhuming the past.
 Nothing quite comes together in this crazy mix of action, jokes, ancient curses and the undead, and even Tom Cruise's star power can't glue the thing together.
 How fitting that the makers of this action-adventure movie about tomb raiders plunder the Universal Pictures vault, from the 1932 and 1999 versions of The Mummy to An American Werewolf in London and the Abbott and Costello monster fests.
 The film offers Walking Dead style fights and clunky comedy blatantly ripped off from An American Werewolf In London. If Universal hope to take on Wonder Woman and Iron Man at the box office, they'll have to go back to the drawing board.
 There are a few amusing lines and creepy moments, but, between the headache-inducing flashbacks and hallucinations, the narrative would be easier to follow if it were written in hieroglyphics.
 Sometimes it takes a disaster of this magnitude to leave us hoping a studio will take a long hard look at the universe they're about to expand.
 This reboot, which Universal Studios is using to launch its cinematic monster franchise, is as stupid as it gets. 
 Kurtzman and his crew are ambitious in that they try to introduce the audience to several monsters at once, but the effort falls short.
 Young viewers might be disturbed by the sight of Ahmanet's mouldy body desperately searching for new blood. Everyone else will just be depressed by the sight of a studio and star desperately doing the same.
 The Mummy has some thrilling sequences ... and is largely entertaining, but it is woefully short on story.
 Cruise runs and shouts his way through set pieces, while others mumble mythological explanations, and Ahmanet simply stands around showing off her hieroglyph tattoos.
 Knight and Day with a bigger effects budget.
 The movie is a pain in the sarcophagus. I fear that it will anger the gods.
 "The Mummy" is somewhat tasteless and always leaden.
 Cruise has made his name outrunning the bad guys. But for once, he's found a foe he can't elude -- the triumph of intellectual-property maintenance.
 A big, blustery, jokey special-effects-laden extravaganza that delivers few thrills and even fewer chills....this 'Mummy' should never have been unwrapped.
 It will be argued that this one was made not for the critics but for the fans. Which is no doubt true. Every con game is played with suckers in mind.
 The Mummy does what it's supposed to do with little originality and almost no life.
 It's about nothing except Hollywood's deadly corporate impulse to set up a new franchise based on existing brand names.
 It's amazingly relentless in its naked borrowing from other, better horror and sci-fi movies.
 Categorically the worst movie of Tom Cruise's career.
 Make it stop, Mummy! I'm not scared, Mummy! I don't want whatever this thinks itself to be.
 Though occasionally enlivened by Cruise's willingness to endure a nonstop gauntlet of humiliation, this is a modern blockbuster in many of the worst ways; it's noisy but rarely exciting, heavy on whizzing and whirling special effects but light on wonder.
 The film might have been silly enough to be enjoyably camp. Instead it's a witless omnium gatherum of mongrel sources and clichs.
 A $125 million spectacle of marquee stars, eye-popping special effects and flashy setup.
 How meh is The Mummy? Let me count the ways. For all the digital desperation from overworked computers, this Tom Cruise reboot lands onscreen with a resounding thud. Epic fail. 
 Cruise is badly miscast in one of the worst films of his career.
 It plays, in fact, like a movie directed by a producer, someone checking items off a to-do list rather than telling a story in a consistent tone.
 The Mummy's true curse is that it's doomed to sacrifice its moments of fun, breezy spectacle for overwrought world-building. 
 The Mummy is, in so many ways, everything that is wrong with the IP era of film. So much so, that it is a shocking experience.
 As an introduction, it's functional. As a template for future films, it's a warning that Dark Universe filmmakers are going to need to think about the stories they're telling as much as the stories they're planning.
 It's brisk, competent, and kind of funny for about an hour ... before the sweaty labor of franchise-building starts to kick in.
 This Mummy plays like a wan assemblage of underdeveloped concepts.
 a Monster Mash...The film resembles the studio's 2004 release "Van Helsing" more than its 1932 classic.
 This Mummy teems with promising ideas that never fully materialize.
 The Mummy tries a fresh spin on the classic monster with a gender-swapped villain and Dark Universe connections but winds up a stale action reboot.
 Universal is counting on "The Mummy" and its successors to make it a competitor with Disney/Marvel and Warner Bros./DC and their ever-expanding world of comic-book-based characters. Guys, you might want to have a backup plan.
 This movie's a mess.
 A corporate initiative masquerading as entertainment. They should have kept this under wraps.
 A messy and muddled product lacking even the carefree spirit of the Brendan Fraser Mummy trilogy.
 ...there are quite a few laughs to be had, some of which are definitely intentional. 
 Too much is at stake throughout, leading to formulaic plot filler and exposition that snuff out the spark of the early scenes.
 Even Tom Cruise cannot outrun this movie's problems.
 It's tonally unsure of itself, the plot is littered with gaping story holes, and the general stupidity on display undercuts the pivotal efficiency required to make blockbuster movies of this kind hum and spin their wheels.
 It's a ragbag of action scenes which needed to be bandaged more tightly.
 Kurtzman struggles to achieve a balance between capturing the essence and flavour of the original movies, while presenting a unique, standalone feature.
 This latest remake or reboot (does anyone truly know the difference?) feels less alive than undead.
 This may be Tom Cruise's worst starring vehicle ever... 
 A cynical, incomprehensible compilation of things corporate America thinks viewers love.
 Begins entertainingly before miring itself in dialogue-light CGI pyrotechnics.
 Even Dwayne Johnson in the sequel of the 2009 reboot, The Scorpion King is more fun than this.
 "The Mummy" is a literal-minded, bumptious monster mash of a movie. It keeps throwing things at you, and the more you learn about the ersatz intricacy of its "universe," the less compelling it becomes.
 This big budget action adventure lumbers into cinemas and begs to be put out of its torment. Long before it ended, so did I.
 Whenever the action stops, though, the film becomes derivative and empty headed, Strip away the bandages and there really isn't very much here at all.
 It's hard to muster anything like desire for another Dark Universe flick after seeing this limp, thrill-free debut.
 The Mummy is a product of uninspired storytelling and a distracting focus on franchise world-building, rarely stopping to service the origin at hand.
 Obviously the worst movie that Tom Cruise has ever made.
 A depressing watch, and not only because it's an awkward, misshapen mess. It's also because it finds the last classic movie star giving up and giving in.
 There's a Jekyll-and-Hyde dynamic at work here. While the movie at its core boasts a fun, fast-moving vibe, its awkward, franchise-serving midsection undermines much of that.
 An out-of-the-gate stumble that doesn't even have the sense to sport its own so-bad-it's-fun personality, barely qualifying as horror, adventure, fantasy, thriller, or even Tom Cruise vehicle. 
 As a story to speak to our hearts and minds, it's an utter failure, and perhaps so too even as a disposable corporate product. 
 Ultimately, The Mummy isn't absolutely terrible... there's a lot of potential here that's been squandered by including Cruise and Crowe.
 Unlike the old movies that supposedly inspired it, "The Mummy" has no atmosphere, no menace, no romance.
 The Mummy is defiantly not 'about' anything other than promoting its own franchise, and if that's all this series has to offer, why would we want to see any more of it?
 If you're bored and want to see a summer popcorn flick, The Mummy might be mildly satisfying.
 "The Mummy" is a dated, empirically dismal, laughable excuse to kick off a franchise, and it should have remained entombed.
 This Dark Tower is practically guaranteed to vex the books' fans, who will be painfully aware of what's missing and what a wasted opportunity it all is. 
 McConaughey uses his looks and dimpled charm to good effect to conjure a sleazy kind of devil who can kill people with words. But it's not enough to make up for the film's mordant, apocalyptic tone, which has become something of a clich.
 Shot for approximately seven dollars, The Dark Tower is a muddy, unattractive picture with terribly choreographed and filmed action. 
 Not so much a stinker of a movie as a bafflingly incomplete one, The Dark Tower has presumably been inflicted with so many cuts it's like watching a 95-minute trailer.
 A bland, benign mediocrity that's probably significantly worse if you've read the Stephen King novels it's based on.
 [The Dark Tower]...would have been better off as a mini-series rather than starting a film franchise that serves as a rebooted sequel to the books.
 'Dark Tower' is cheesy and laughable.
 Perhaps some books are just not meant for the big screen.
 The idea that only the mind of a child could destroy this Tower is a fascinating one, at least until the writing on the screen fades and the actual movie begins
 You can see what this film is trying to be but it's not all that interesting. It rushes between events and there's not a lot of room for character development.
 ... the lack of originality is the common denominator of a confusing plot... 
 There's not enough substance left in the conflict or in those involved for us to care. 
 A boring film, and probably in a few years, no one will remember it. 
 Despite rich source material, The Dark Tower film version feels rather lifeless.
 We just wish that more brainstorming should have gone into turning one of the iconic works on fantasy into film. 
 As a film... The Dark Tower is a messy affair that lets fans, newcomers, and its own star down.
 It is not often that I'm tempted to give up on a film after less than 15 seconds but for The Dark Tower I was seriously considering making an exception. Would have saved time too.
 [The Dark Tower] feels like another wannabe franchise to add to the scrapheap of YA also-rans (R.I.P. Divergent, Ender's Game, etc.)
 Despite being entertaining, the outcome is perceived hasty and the end doesn't leave you intrigued or fascinated. The foundations aren't solid enough. 
 The Dark Tower serves as a messy and dull pilot for things to come.
 Not even the growling intensity of Elba's righteous cowboy is enough to carry The Dark Tower over the line.
 It's not just a disappointment for fans of the saga; Is also a blockbuster that will not be able to convince the average public that this is a story worth telling on the big screen. 
 A bizarre amalgamation of science fiction, magic, monsters and cowboys, The Dark Tower ... fails to get its disparate elements to work together, and often looks ridiculous in the attempt.
 Matthew McConaughey walked into a terrible movie, and Idris Elba followed.
 It's yet another clunky movie where the effortlessly charismatic Elba has to make do with cliches. The former star of The Wire must despair of finding a genuinely great film role.
 It seems cavalier to dismiss a movie inspired by eight novels with a short review, but I see no reason to belabor this one or to suggest that I returned from any of the movie's various universes with anything resembling great rewards.
 Unfortunately, this adaptation fails on almost every conceivable level, whether it's from a fan's perspective or a newbie's.
 In an era where two-hour films are the norm, Dark Tower's 95-minute length is suspicious and suggests radical post-production cuts. Whatever went on, the results are not edifying.
 The Dark Tower is an earnest but lifeless effort to put together a multiverse fit for a television series.
 A disaster of film in which it costs to find nothing inspired beyond punctual scenes that in themselves let glimpse what could have been and wasn't. 
 A skeletal summary, designed to entertain everyone but pleasing no one. 
 [Dark Tower] has a hackneyed plot that never really hits its stride.
 No one involved in The Dark Tower seems to have given a damn about what they turned out, so why should anybody else?
 The long-awaited $60 million film of his Dark Tower series is a critic's piata and a commercial flop. 
 Despite the visual aspect, the action sequences are repetitive, timid, lacking ambition, interest and drama. 
 Summer 2017 has given us worse reasons to head to the multiplex, but none have been as dispiritingly lifeless as "The Dark Tower."
 Not even bad enough to be fun.
 One flaw in Nicolaj Arcel's film is that it's too short and compressed to make anything lucid of its cockamamie mythology. At the same time, it's such a leaden piece of work that you wouldn't want it to be it any longer.
 A bland and lifeless recreation of a Stephen King story that was anything but. 
 Reduced to a generic cartoon team-up mystic dimension-hopping action movie that barely functions...
 There is so much plot to cover here that there is little time left to engage with the characters.
 An oddball adaptation with few similarities to its source material...
 The one saving grace is that all three leads are interesting; they feel like they're in three different movies, but that's no matter.
 Elba's sublime professionalism in treating the part as worthy of him, and the dialogue as if it deserves to be spoken out loud, saves the movie from total annihilation, just as The Gunslinger saves this world.
 A stunted afterthought of a film.
 King fans will hate this treacherous adaptation. While everyone else will just be mindnumbingly bored.
 Rather like the casing that falls from the gunslinger's pistol, it has been stripped of impact, and hits the ground as an empty shell.
 The Dark Tower is not the worst film of the summer. It's not even the worst film of the week. But it does feel like the most misconceived release of the season.
 The Dark Tower has by all accounts taken years to reach the screen. It really wasn't worth the wait.
 When the film turns to the usually whimsical laws of fantasy, collapses. 
 King fans were troubled to learn that the film adaptation would only be 95 minutes long; for most of us, that'll be more than plenty.
 It's not the worst Stephen King movie but it is one of the most forgettable. The writer's wild imagination has been flattened for a quick shot at a family hit.
 As baffling as it is dull, Dark Tower is a disappointment for both hardcore fans and the King-curious. Stick with the books.
 Void of character and severely underdeveloped, it's nothing short of a disappointing mess. 
 The Dark Tower is a bad film, certainly, but even worse it's a profoundly ordinary one.
 At 95 minutes it's just a messy sci-fi-horror-fantasy salad; King's "elements" become mere clichs. The actors and special effects crew do their best. 
 There is room for serious, dour blockbusters of this nature, and the narrative here is hardly befitting of being a vehicle for comedy - but this title is distinctly humourless, and suffers as a result.
 For die-hard King fans, this will come as a profound disappointment; shorn of the complexity, richness and very Stephen-King-ness of the source material.
 As the heroes rush from one set-piece to the next battling monsters and shooting bullets there's little tension or gravitas attached to their journey.
 The Dark Tower isn't a loathsome film. It's just not praiseworthy either, with the only highlights really being Idris Elba's performance and some passable action sequences.
 It comes across as a cash-in that someone scribbled on the back of an envelope after seeing Return of the Jedi.
 Eight volumes, more than 4,000 pages, and a multitude of exotic settings and alternative realities entered by two near-mythic antagonists, are here transformed into turgid cinematic slop.
 The more you concentrate on looking for a coherent story from The Dark Tower, the more remote your chances are of ever finding one.
 [McConaughey's] unbending posture, open-necked black V-shirt and tuft of fuzzy hair means he's less Mephistopheles and more Mr. Mistoffelees.
 Tragically bad.
 There's a surfeit of Stephen King references that are fun to identify, and more than one impactful set-piece, but it's clear that the mythic qualities of this story have been lost in the journey to the big screen.
 It is all the more disappointing that The Dark Tower turns out such a dud. All the elements appear to be here.
 As one patron put it, "Well, it's not the worst movie I've ever seen...". Yeah, but it's certainly one of the most disappointing in recent memory-- and it was wholly avoidable.
 It's a truly rare thing to come out of a summer blockbuster wishing it were longer, but in its rush to get down to the bare essentials, The Dark Tower loses too much of what makes it unique.
 Against all conceivable odds, The Dark Tower is one of the most uninspiring films I've watched this year.
 Those who haven't read the Dark Tower books may wonder what all the fuss was about in the first place... those who have read the books are left to ponder how such a resonant literary work turned up on screen so undernourished and easily dismissed. 
 The latest Stephen King adaptation shoots blanks.
 The film's main character is Jake, not the Gunslinger, which makes this movie feel like a forgettable twist on "The Last Action Hero."
 There is probably a pretty good film to be made from Stephen King's series The Dark Tower. What I saw is not that film.
 Intermittently garrulous, yet generally somnambulant . . . It is a series of predictable moments brought to life with indifferent, even perfunctory special effects.
 Feels less like a movie, and more like a mandate being executed: Adapt this popular thing!
 The Dark Tower feels as if it's playing by a tired fantasy-movie playbook, right down to its chaotic skirmishes full of anonymous villains and slow-motion acts of badassery.
 Outside of its actors, the film is unremarkable. Action sequences seem as though they were hurried, that is, when you can actually see them - Did the lighting team blow a fuse?
 [Idris] Elba alone can't make The Dark Tower worth watching. But he can make the case, yet again, that he deserves better material than this.
 If you're attempting to create a series based on a complex mythology, omitting key details of that mythology is a pretty big step in the wrong direction.
 The Dark Tower is not, in fact, the worst. It's pretty bad, but it's also impossible to hate a movie that has Idris Elba dressed like Wyatt Earp.
 The multiverse King created looks good on paper, but I'm worried that's the only way it will remain enjoyable. 
 Neither the catastrophic disaster fanboy circles would have you believe nor particularly any good.
 Elba is genuinely great as the tormented Roland, but the film does its best to suffocate him under a mountain of plot-heavy nonsense. Disappointing.
 This forgettable sci-fi fantasy is a sullen, superficial slog.
 It gets where it's going fast enough, but you don't feel like you've traveled anywhere at all.
 It's best for everyone if we all just patiently await the release of It and rewatch the first season of Stranger Things.
 The phrase "lump of coal" comes to mind after watching The Dark Tower, a lavish and most definitely lackluster CliffsNotes abridgment of a CliffsNotes adaptation of the Stephen King science fiction-fantasy-western magnum opus. 
 ... not unwatchable - just underwhelming... rushing past "the old stuff" just to get to telling new stories, and that's what this feels like... and all the Easter eggs in the world can't fix that. 
 Cursory, dull, and as forgettable as any movie you'll see this year, The Dark Tower's best virtue is its brisk 90-minute runtime.
 It's not the train wreck that some industry insiders predicted, but there's nothing special, interesting or engaging with anything that's present. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
 Turgid sci-fi flick.
 'The Dark Tower' fails as a shining example of King cinematic adaptations.
 This condensation of eight Stephen King books may not be quite as vexing as attempting to place all of Shakespeare's texts onto a single Post-it note, but it nevertheless ranks as an exercise in futility.
 Flourishes that may work fine when they're confined to the page seem laughable on-screen, and the visual effects are uniformly unconvincing.
 The Dark Tower's hopes of creating a far-reaching universe have collapsed. There's now nothing left to ward off the evil of colossal disinterest and poor box office performance.
 The Dark Tower certainly flirts with plunging into entertaining schlock territory, but it's in too much of a hurry to indulge those tendencies. 
 What was an ambitious mix of genres and settings on the written page becomes a woefully incoherent mess of overwrought action and watered-down subtext that won't please either fans or newcomers.
 It's not often that a summer film is hampered by running short on time, but The Dark Tower rushes through like it's the last two hours on a Friday before a weeklong vacation and there's still packing to be done.
 The Dark Tower is a crushing disappointment for Stephen King fans.
 The Dark Tower a forgettable misfire that does injustice to King's source material and sadly belongs in the bargain bin collecting dust.
 ...there is no way that Stephen King's eight novel multiverse is as simplistically written as this film adaptation. Credited to four screenwriters, "The Dark Tower" movie is efficient but not engaging.
 A good argument that sometimes, "unfilmable" books are unfilmable for a reason 
 The long-in-the-works movie adaptation has taken all the personality and quirkiness from the story and turned it into a streamlined action-fantasy.
 Such a flaccid non-event it barely leaves an impression. In the King movie-adaptation universe, Maximum Overdrive suddenly doesn't look so bad.
 Rushed, flat, devoid of any real excitement, filled with terrible dialog, and anchored by a truly awful performance at its center.
 Inconsistent, incoherent and often cheesy.
 Based on Stephen King's novels, this sludgy science fiction/fantasy dud reduces King's epic vision to a series of mindless cliches, surrounded by lazy dialogue and half-baked visual effects. 
 If you're going to adapt Stephen King's eight-book opus ... why would you turn its lead character, Roland Deschain, aka the Gunslinger (Idris Elba), into a supporting character?
 The solution to tackling a big, messy, interesting, unique world? Condense it down to nothing. 
 The Dark Tower is DLC for a brand that lacks both the ambition and scope of the material it's supposed to be complementing. 
 [The Dark Tower] resembles nothing so much as a mashup of The Lord of the Rings and The Matrix reimagined for the young adult crowd.
 The Dark Tower is King's ultimate roller coaster - twisting and stomach-clenching and terrifying but, above all, fun. If only this version was as thrilling a ride.
 A spectacle of miscalculation and mythology... the minute 'The Dark Tower' starts, it wants to be over; It's embarrassed to be in front of us.
 Neither Idris Elba nor Matthew McConaughey can save this flat adaptation from being utterly forgettable.
 More forgettable than loathsome, the kind of movie that occasionally rubs salt in your wounds by reminding you what could have been, but mostly just dissipates from memory as it's playing.
 High expectations are not being met. 
 More like The Dork Tower.
 Matthew McConaughey is not "awright, awright, awright" as the film's villain and this is about as exciting as a Sesame Street episode. 
 The movie may be a house on fire, but Idris Elba is a picture of calm gravitas, chomping on a cigar while it all burns down.
 It's not good, it's not bad, it's just terribly, terribly rote.
 Fans have been clamoring for one since the 1990s, and versions of it have been in and out of development for a decade. Pity them, for the final product is cheap, shoddy, and bland to a confounding degree.
 Onscreen, The Dark Tower serves up a generic, half-baked scenario no different from a slew of better-known YA properties in which young, wide-eyed protagonists discover their connections to a hidden fantastical world.
 So much is so wrong about this stunted film version of Stephen King's marvelously dense and dazzling series of eight novels, that all I can say is this unholy mess shouldn't happen to a King, much less a paying customer.
 It's all too easy to spot where the edges have been sanded, you can trace the scars where things have been rashly excised. If you close your eyes, you can almost see that more ideal movie, its fuller form, robust, gripping, and, yes, shining.
 To borrow from another current release --- "meh!". 
 The Dark Tower never seems quite sure of itself...
 If later [Dark Tower] films do get off the ground, they're going to need to spring from more singular, confident visions than this.
 The film is indeed dark, but not in a good way. 
 So much for "The Dark Tower" "franchise"
 The movie makes me finally want to test-drive one of the "Dark Tower" novels, if only to see what King himself was able to bring to the party. Maybe that's been his evil plan all along.
 Superficial, uninspired, and forgettable.
 It's a confusing fictional world to understand, and one that director Nikolaj Arcel fails to bring to life onscreen.
 It's that rare movie that simultaneously feels too short and too long, but never just right.
 Any hopes that the proceedings might be saved by the performances by the two normally excellent actors in the lead roles are pretty much scratched within the first few minutes.
 It would be a waste of everyone's time to go on about how this 95-minute movie deviates from the source. Let's just say it turns The Dark Tower into something generic, and leave it at that.
 McConaughey, looking like a fatigued Wayne Newton, might just be the worst big-screen baddie since Cate Blanchett played a kooky Soviet in "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull."
 Yes, it's unlikely a 95-minute movie could ever capture the gargantuan scope of the source material. But, jeez, couldn't it at least try?
 The Dark Tower is not an all out disaster. Instead, it's a big missed opportunity.
 From start to finish, the movie exudes a stiff, joyless coherence.
 After all that, The Dark Tower didn't turn out so bad. Not so good, either.
 Every character's motivations and background have been squashed and sanded down to the most glib, one-phrase explanations imaginable.
 About the only thing holding it together is Idris Elba, whose irrepressible magnetism and man-of-stone solidity anchors this mess but can't redeem it.
 Reaching half-heartedly for the epic only makes The Dark Tower appear all the smaller, especially as it jumps back and forth between alternate worlds.
 A film with lots of potential that ends up short. Feels like a thin "Cliff Notes" versin of the whole (book) series. 
 The Dark Tower feels apathetic, like it was created because it seemed like something that should be made eventually.
 A dumb fantasy movie adapted from Stephen King's most derivative novel series.
 ... shrink(s) a woolly mammoth plot to lapdog size, defying anyone considering King's literary opus unfilmable. Those people are right...
 With a second-hand looking production design and ordinary visual effects, it's difficult to imagine this is the movie anyone actually intended to release.
 Everything that could have made this story stand out has been removed. What we see on screen is the bare bones. 
 The action is good, but that only makes up slightly for all of the writing problems. A list of those miscues could be stacked up to make their own impressive dark tower.
 "The Dark Tower" could have been a better movie - not good, but better - had McConaughey and Elba switched roles.
 As one might expect, the results are scattered and rushed, taking the jumble of Stephen King's labored mythology and making it even more baffling by excising the eight-book series's most basic elements.
 This ungainly mixture of Western, fantasy, sci-fi, action, horror and fish-out-of-water comedy never finds its rhythm, delivering perfunctory blockbuster spectacle with dull competency and a smattering of familiar thematic and narrative tropes.
 None of the characters click, nothing feels innovative or interesting, and the story is in no way compelling.
 A great actor giving a terrible performance as the lead villain is but one of the many, many, MANY unfortunate elements in The Dark Tower.
 This isn't "The Dark Tower." This is a small, sad pile of rubble - the foundation to a franchise you can only hope is never built.
 "The Dark Tower" is a near-total whiff, a mess of a movie that took forever to get made and by the look of things should have taken about twice that long. Or maybe just never have been made at all.
 Though I'm generally not one to complain about a movie being too short, this adaptation seems to have achieved its brevity by eliminating most of what was good about the books and leaving in most of what wasn't.
 There have been worse adaptations of books by King, but this long-awaited one is almost guaranteed to disappoint his many fans while failing to bowl over anybody else.
 The Dark Tower is a shot-to-the-heart of cinematic intrigue, as Stephen King's beloved story loses all magic in its big-screen adaptation.
 It could use more magic, more dread, a more staggering sense of wonder. It's wholly inoffensive, but it's unmemorable too. This is a fantasy that runs like a business.
 Between his GQ appearance and drawling psychobabble, Matthew McConaughey plays the villain as if he's filming an extended version of a Lincoln commercial. 
 Director Nikolaj Arcel's version of King's magnum opus is slight, a skin 'n bones adaptation that teases a greater mythology but depicts little of it. 
 It's more than obvious Sony wasn't looking to really make a movie for the fans of the books - which is just plain bizarre.
 Watching the movie, you can't help but feel you've missed a key scene, a puzzle piece that'd make everything click together.
 Despite two fine actors in key roles, and the efforts of a four-man screenwriting team to strip King's story down to its basics, "The Dark Tower" still makes virtually no sense, even by the rules of its own world(s).
 This campy, stripped-down summary of or sequel to Stephen King's cross-dimensional fantasy western is a late-summer bummer. 
 Is the movie good enough to do what it's designed to do? Not really.
 Astoundingly awful.
 Now finally on the screen, and "The Dark Tower" is a dud. And for most casual viewers out there, a baffling dud.
 At a mere ninety minutes, it feels like one of those YouTube fan edits of an entire series.
 After decades of waiting, after months of keeping our fingers crossed and hoping for the best, it brings me zero pleasure to report that The Dark Tower doesn't really work.
 Bad dialogue, lame plot, fine. The bigger issue: How could a film with Elba and McConaughey have so little swagger?
 The 95-minute culmination of years-long efforts to bring The Dark Tower to the big screen is a complete disaster, a limp, barely coherent shell of a movie.
 The thing about King is that his passion is always palpable, even when his material is second- or third-hand, whereas no one here seems to be having any fun. The movie is wan and perfunctory.
 What could have been the next Game of Thrones or The Lord of the Rings is instead more akin to a 1990s Steven Seagal movie (and not one of the good ones).
 Bringing the action of future Dark Tower novels forward isn't a sin. The sin is not having nearly enough space for it. The film is breathless in all the worst ways as a result.
 King's Dark Tower universe is rich with cultural reference points and is always totally unpredictable, but in cutting it down to consolidate its highlights, The Dark Tower can't even shoot the most necessary bullets straight.
 For a movie based on a beloved book series, the writing is sometimes shockingly bad. 
 This movie just made every wrong decision about what it wanted to be when it grew up.
 One bowl of reheated Joseph Campbell's soup, a transparent bid to be the next Lord of the Rings that can't back up its sense of portentousness with the required epic sweep.
 A curiously unimaginative world with zero dimension.
 Stephen King has inspired plenty of terrible movies before; we guesstimate the number at around 40 to 50. But "The Dark Tower" has to sting. 
 The thin characterizations might have been mitigated by livelier dialogue... But there's no poetry or personality in any of these words.
 Heaven knows, the books offer more invention than could fit in one feature film, but in their effort to introduce newcomers to this world, the filmmakers make the saga's contents look not archetypal but generic and cobbled together.
 It falls because it's too embarrassed to stand.
 The Dark Tower is a thoroughly average take on some truly incredible source material.
 Suffused with an overwhelming, choking feeling of pure boredom, shading into self-loathing.
 A Frankenstein almost unrecognizable and only bearable because of Anthony Hopkins. 
 The Last Knight keeps spinning out nonsensical mythology that can barely sustain itself in a single scene of Anthony Hopkins-delivered exposition.
 Bay doesn't whip up many edge-of-the-seat moments. Maybe that's because it's difficult to generate real suspense when the series -- like this movie -- feels as if it never will end.
 In its defense, I can say that it's not as bad as its predecessor. Although that's not a good thing either. 
 Transformers: The Last Knight was doomed from the beginning when a Transformer gave a drunk Merlin magic powers and a dragon to help King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table defeat... an army
 It is being sympathetic to all of Bay's visual effects slaves (who probably didn't see sunlight for months) that this film gets the extra star - and I am being generous.
 At this point, it's safe to say that Michael Bay no longer cares..
 It's the movie-equivalent of the string of 10,000 non-stop firecrackers that annoying kids burst outside your window in Diwali.
 Somehow this one manages to be even worse than the last one despite being almost twenty minutes shorter-it still feels like it's nine hundred years long, though. 
 Bay assures us this is his last Transformers film but really, it doesn't matter, the damage is already done. 
 Please do yourself a favor, and better watch Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk. 
 Transformers: The Last Knight is one of the dumbest action films of the year....
 The worst Blockbuster of the year, boring, meaningless and embarrassing. 
 Transformers: The Last Knight is everything you would expect from the now seemingly tired, joyless and overblown franchise.
 The fifth film of the franchise relies on special effects and disregards the consistency of the script. 
 Another incomprehensible disaster from Michael Bay. 
 More like TRASHformers.
 The biggest neuron killer since tertiary syphilis. [Full review in Portuguese.]
 Definitive proof that Jesus doesn't like you. 
 The biggest (only?) pleasure of The Last Knight is watching the film struggle with its identity and slowly become aware of its own awfulness.
 The fifth film of this saga, as well as the previous one and the previous one and the previous one, is garbage. 
 Nope.
 Transformers: The Last Knight is a long, punishing struggle that offers very little in the way of entertainment. I'd given up by the final hour.
 An exhausting distillation of everything that can possibly go wrong with a blockbuster.
 An exhaustive sensory assault held together by sugarless gum. Let it be known: Transformers: The Last Straw is this summer's Independence Day: Resurgence.
 A strange mash-up between The Da Vinci Code and the mechanical characters. 
 A rattling clash of faux-gallantry and misplaced slapstick: a knight's tale as told by the court jester.
 Michael Bay has promised that this is the last Transformers movie he will direct, which is no small relief. It will not, alas, be the last Transformers movie. 
 A bunch of colors that shriek in 5.1 and at full volume, in which the form fails in its monstrosity and the background is simply non-existent. 
 Michael Bay doesn't make movies anymore; he makes migraine auras.
 It's a case of apocalypse very soon, with a checklist of borrowed elements that ranges from the boys in Netflix's Stranger Things to the BB-8 droid from Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
 The utterly incomprehensible plot of The Last Knight revives the old fracas between nice CGI metal machines and their nasty counterparts. As in the previous iterations, the fate of Earth is at stake, not to mention the viewer's eyes, ears and sanity.
 Transformers: The Last Knight is a rusty, rotting heap of scrap metal. It's Michael Bay venturing into the most self-indulgent, the most conceited corners of his psyche.
 It's time to abandon the nihilistic characters, the bad jokes, the oppressive set pieces, and start anew. The best thing you can do with Transformers: The Last Knight is leave it behind as quickly as possible.
 I almost wish it had been worse, so I could hate it with a tangible fury.
 Perhaps you need to be huffing petrol fumes (or whatever it is that the autobots run on) but 149 minutes have rarely felt so interminable.
 Seriously, why does Transformers: The Last Knight need to be 149 minutes long? Maybe it's a conspiracy to sell more snacks.
 ...it's impossible not to wish that this time Bay sticks to his usual promise to never, ever make another Transformers movie.
 Though convoluted and mostly indistinguishable from piffle, it's by no means the worst of the bunch.
 What's Bay achieved? Not acclaim, not audience affection and certainly not creative development. Just a record number of bad reviews. Here Michael, have another.
 The end of the world can't come soon enough in Transformers: The Last Knight.
 At 7 hours 15 minutes, this sets the record as the longest theatrical feature ever made. (Keep in mind that I did not have a watch on me during the screening, so my estimate of the running time might be slightly off. But it certainly felt that long.)
 The Last Knight is the worst Transformers movie of them all. 
 This is not the worst Transformers film. 
 The movie equivalent of a bag of tangled-up Christmas lights -- all soul-destroying untidiness and faulty circuitry.
 Michael Bay's latest big robots action movie is partly based on the King Arthur legend because, well, why not take a big steaming dump on that story as well?
 Isn't the worst chapter of the eye-crossing saga (the one that showcased Decepticon testicles, that's the worst), but it's close.
 Blockbusters have no excuse to be stupid this far into the 21st Century.
 Clumsily patched together by three writers, six editors and director Michael Bay, it's an explosion-filled, mind-numbing, $250-million Hasbro Toy promotion.
 Transformers: The Last Knight is the pinnacle of summer blockbuster stupidity. The only thing that could top it is another Transformers sequel, a nightmare to imagine.
 Exactly what you'd expect. It's loud, rambunctious, flashy, and about as dumb as a box of rocks. But you already knew that.
 t's hard to sit back and embrace the chaos of "The Last Knight" when you can think about similar big-budget action tentpoles ... and reflect on how even in all their craziness, they just made a lot more sense.
 I can barely summon a feeling about The Last Knight; if anything, I feel slightly worried about how little I hated it.
 Nothing in this film makes sense.
 The problem with these films has always been the fact that they fatally lack charm. No matter how silly a voice you give them, the Transformers themselves are impossible to engage with.
 I'm not sure they're even trying anymore.
 All of this might have been more fun if Bay had a sense of humor, but he has a moth-to-flame attraction to every corny aside imaginable.
 The film quickly devolves into undifferentiated shooting, yelling, and exploding. 
 Everything goes boom, crash, oomph, peow, wallop, zing, zat and zoom for 150 minutes. It's terrifying. It physically hurts. It is so darn-near incomprehensible, I almost asked for my money back. And I didn't even pay to see it.
 This movie leaves us feeling like we've been smacked in the face for two and a half long hours. So the pre-credit tag teasing part six is chilling for all the wrong reasons.
 This film could lose 40 minutes and still be considered baggy.
 Bay has now made five of these things. Even at their best (Part 3 was wild fun), they are ludicrous and insane.
 Unsatisfying sequel is big on explosions, short on all else. 
 The studio and filmmakers have vomited up a loud, unfocused, utterly nonsensical Transformers mess.
 Transformers: The Last Knight may have been the most enjoyable Transformers film in years, but that's a low, low bar, and it certainly doesn't put it on a level to be called anything but bad.
 We need some interventions here.
 All the best moments in the movie-pure images, devoid of symbol and, for that matter, nearly empty of sense-go by too fast, are held too briefly, are developed too little.
 This film just doesn't stop moving. The camera swirls around every shoot-out, every fight, every conversation. Nothing is still. Everyone shouts. The tone is hysterical and everyone is angry.
 Transformers: The Last Knight clocks in at 149 minutes, most of them every bit as painful, childish, 'roid-raged and pointlessly bombastic as the last four movies would lead you to expect.
 Michael Bay's Transformers films have been many things, but until now they've never been boring.
 Distilled to its essence, The Last Knight is an orgy of incoherence, a sensory assault that suffocates the viewer in a cavalcade of special effects incontinence.
 For those looking for something enjoyable other than special effects to take away from [The Last Knight], Tucci's turn as a neurotic Merlin provides that -- in the first 10 minutes. Do with that information what you will, it's your money.
 At one point Sir Anthony Hopkins (Remains of the Day, Shadowlands) says: "What a bitchin' ride". That's all you need know. 
 A movie that's cut like the world's longest and most tedious trailer, pinballing from scene to scene and rarely spending more than a few seconds on any single shot.
 Transformers: The Last Knight is a bad film -- in fact, it's one of the most ludicrous films ever made.
 I am not going to try to explain the story- after watching this movie I may never try to explain another story ever again.
 After having seen five of these films, which equates to close to a day of my life that I'll never get back, I can say that Transformers 5 is on a level with Transformers 1.
 Incoherent, creatively bankrupt and excessive to the point of tedium, Michael Bay's farewell to the Transformers franchise is a deafening mess that will disappoint and enrage all but the most loyal of fans.
 It's clear Bay doesn't give a thought to the story and sees it merely as a clothesline on which to hang his massively ridiculous action sequences.
 Perhaps the most dispiriting thing about this entry in this already-quite-dispiriting franchise is that Bay does not particularly seem to care one way or another this time. 
 Absolutely awful in practically every imaginable way.
 You never experience a shred of peril yet have to grudgingly admire a director happy to throw all of his (Hasbro) toys out of the pram in the service of a wham-bang conclusion.
 It's as if Ridley Scott and James Cameron had a sci-fi symposium and then gave director Michael Bay all their worst ideas, duct-taped together.
 The pinnacle of blockbuster gigantism, Bay's latest is a chore except when its madness becomes so sensorially all-consuming -- blinding the eyes, deafening the ears, befuddling the mind -- that it achieves a sort of terrible abstract grandeur.
 This latest entry is simply dumb, dull, and pointless.
 Bewilderingly bad.
 Elsewhere, it's business as usual. Sparks fly, smoke drifts. Gleaming bodies, human and mechanical, loom over us, often set against pristine blue sky.
 Although diverting in the moment, the spatial geography of the epic action is poorly sustained, which undercuts the tension, and once again makes you wonder how something so big can feel so small.
 You've seen it all before, and considering that includes Earth being torn asunder by an enormous mechanical monstrosity, that says a lot.
 Even if it is a slight improvement over the last film, that is not enough to warrant even a slight recommendation.
 There are glimmers of theoretically enjoyably daftness scattered throughout, but the trouble is there's about ten different films crammed in.
 The worst delivery of the franchise so far. 
 Every time Michael Bay directs another Transformers abomination (this is the fifth), the movies die a little. This one makes the summer's other blockbuster misfires look like masterpieces.
 Total Bayhem, this bombastic event is a knight to forget.
 The Last Knight is pretty much everything you'd expect from a Transformers movie. Stuff whizzes by, bursting into flames, in a jumbled blur of random images, noises and good old-fashioned gibberish.
 The only thing of interest is what might have convinced Oscar-winner Anthony Hopkins to sign on to appear in this cinematic travesty. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
 The plot is byzantine and inane, the characters are superfluous and barely one-dimensional, the comic relief is painful and the acting is almost entirely perfunctory.
 For his final duties as Transformers mastermind, Bay has wholeheartedly embraced a less-is-more philosophy: The Last Knight has that rare knack of making less sense the more you focus on it.
 Michael Bay is back with another mammoth budget to throw at the screen in the latest Transformers monstrosity.
 There's careening genius in the antic too-muchness with it onslaught of zoom and crash, of non sequitur and nonsense under the graphomanic hand of Michael Bay: if he could only use his gifts for good! 
 Nothing changes with the fifth film in his more-is-less robot series.
 Avoid. At. All. Costs.
 Even by Bay's incoherent standards, it's one deadening pile-up.
 A movie that is at once loud yet incoherent, complex yet idiotic, and expensive yet worthless.
 That Transformers is treated as the Tiffany Trump to the critics' Donald among franchises is curious to me.
 Transformers: The Last Knight has a deeper mythos and bigger spectacle than its predecessors, yet still ends up being mostly hollow and cacophonous.
 Insultingly poor.
 Irredeemable garbage that gives summertime blockbuster fare a bad name. "Transformers: The Last Knight" is an endurance-testing assault on the art of cinema, one physical altercation away from becoming criminal.
 Either this movie is dumb or I am.
 Giving this movie money is re-enforcing everything wrong with the industry, and possibly everything wrong with the world.
 For all the explosions and attempts at suspense, this movie has such a lumbering core of boringly stupid story, it's almost impossible for it to move without great noisy bouts of screaming and grinding metal gears. 
 Will this film make you feel as if you've gone on a chairoplane after drinking a vat of Bailey's Irish Cream? You'd better believe it.
 Can this be done in a way that is not stupefyingly generic?
 A big mound of steaming 3D CGI garbage. Really Anthony Hopkins?
 "Transformers: The Last Knight" is another huge pyrotechnic porno that leaves a metallic taste in your mouth. 
 Worst movie of the summer
 At least it's willing to embrace the ridiculousness of it all.
 Plays like Michael Bay dragged some writers to the desert, fed them acid, wrote down their bats- ideas for the next "Transformers," threw those ideas into the air, then Scotch-taped them together at random.
 As if this watered-down Independence Day scenario weren't enough, the movie keeps veering off in jagged directions.
 So much incoherent noise that you'll want to bang your head on the seat in front of you just to get some rest.
 It's hard to imagine anyone reading, let alone writing, the script and believing that it made any sort of sense at all.
 By the finale, there's way too much happening on screen, to the point where no one will be able to figure out what they're watching.
 The CGI is still incomprehensible, the characters are still paper-thin, and it's a movie that even manages to reduce magic itself to the trickery of ancient machines.
 Transformers: The Last Knight is two-thirds of a decent summer blockbuster, but the final act is complete garbage.
 The final effect isn't exhilarating, it's enervating: a lullaby performed by a rock tumbler.
 Is there a point? Nah. Like its brethren, Transformers: The Last Knight is a barrage of pixels and clutter with no real reason to exist except the perpetuation of its franchise.
 I can't remember the last time I felt so little while watching a movie. I wasn't even bored, so much as just dazed, like I'd woken up in someone else's dream.
 Even with the low bar set by Michael Bay's previous Transformers movies, The Last Knight stands apart as an incoherent, disjointed work of visual anarchy, fanboy fantasy, mirthless mayhem and emo-starved characters.
 The final act is a non-stop, special-effects bludgeoning of the senses that is zero fun. 
 Punishingly overwrought in every aspect, Last Knight is a KLANK! KLANK! KLUNKER.
 Watching an actor of Hopkins' caliber swear at his robo-butler and attempt to wring out laughs by uttering the word "dude" is painful -- even for a Transformers movie.
 Every few years, Michael Bay and his giant digital robots sally forth from their gilded dungeon to inflict damage on the world's brain cells. Transformers: The Last Knight is their most concerted assault yet, making me fear for the sanity of the planet.
 Lord Megatron help me, Michael Bay has finally pummeled this viewer into submission.
 The grim suspicion grows that the intention here was to make a 2 1/2-hour movie at any cost, even with only 90 minutes worth of material.
 Transformers: The Last Knight comes in at 149 minutes, and each of those minutes lasts as long as the reign of Charlemagne.
 Though everything about this movie is ridiculous, Bay still -- still! -- seems to believe it would be far-fetched to treat female characters like human beings worthy of basic respect.
 At its heart, this experimental collage of sights and sounds is meant to be understood as a sensory experience, like a splatter painting, or electro- convulsive therapy.
 True fans probably don't need the tangled universe of good versus evil explained to them: Bionic aliens rumble; ancient monuments crumble; guys in the middle of robot Armageddon deliver wry one-liners. That's just what you do when things go boom.
 A recycled plot told through an overly on-the-nose script, read by a confusing parade of characters, and muddled action scenes does nothing to justify its epic length.
 Boggles the mind with its stupefying plot and throw spaghetti on the wall visuals. It is about as Michael Bay a film Michael Bay could Michael Bay. It is nonsense.
 Shapeless mounds of parts and pistons, slugging and slicing each other in front of ruins and spaceships as they gush sparks and dribble oily green robot juice.
 Bay's genuine determination to give you a good time still doesn't result in fun. Overlong, overstuffed and soulless, for fans who grew up with Optimus and Co, The Last Knight will sting like a bee.
 To be fair, The Last Knight is about 15 minutes shorter than its predecessor. But it still somehow manages to feel even longer.
 Freed of concerns like plausibility or story, you can simply gape in wonder at the ruthlessly thunderous images in front of you. Maybe that's the feeling of brain cells dying a painful, anguished death.
 fiiigjhkwetwnwwwjsahafajhwfohofoehaoowofoeoicioeciaqidjFaerlaeaffjgjlje XGRSXSsfdsmfjjjsomuchrandomstuffsomuchegjwogpjwd
 Even at its best, The Last Knight feels like a series of action scenes wrapped up together in a thinly stretched narrative.
 Bay and Wahlberg have said this will be their last installment in the franchise. The studio should follow their lead, and put this wretched series out of our misery.
 It tones down the insanity and the spectacle but leaves little of value in its place. 
 It will please the fans but it's time to give the robots a rest.
 This big, loud, dumb, dull, nonsensical dud of a movie is two and a half excruciating hours long.
 There is no redemption to be found here, only suffering.
 By now you know exactly what to expect from a Transformers film: undeniably epic action spectacle at the cost of character, logic or genuine drama. Predictably formulaic.
 Transformers: The Last Knight is like staring at a projected kaleidoscope for two and a half hours and then trying to tell someone about the plot.
 Transformers: The Last Knight isn't so much a film as it is a catalogue of everything wrong with western civilization.
 Anyone capable of explaining the near-incomprehensible storyline deserves a prize of some sort. 
 At the end, Transformers: The Last Knight promises yet another sequel ... At least it'll take a lot of effort for the follow-up to be worse than this.
 An incoherent mess with a plot so convoluted its impaired story points to signs of narrative brain damage.
 Of course it's not good.
 The sensory overload of Michael Bay's hyperkinetic cinema is such that it eradicates any actual sense of place.
 Transformers: The Last Knight is an incomprehensible pile of scrap. Luckily, there's an upside -- you'll forget every single stupid frame of this thing the moment you walk out of the theatre.
 Megatrash as only Bay can make it, this represents some of the most inane drivel ever to (dis)grace the screen-and an obscene waste of money to boot.
 The movie redlines its engines throughout, but none of it works -- and at 149 minutes, it feels nearly a full hour too long.
 The rock 'em sock 'em finale of Last Knight finally comes after over two hours...and it features, once again, the threat of Earth's complete destruction. If it means they'll stop making Transformer movies, I'm starting to think that's not such a bad deal.
 It has a certain gonzo purity that kept me waiting for the movie to find some other gear it never located.
 Bay's latest Transformer title is a daunting behemoth of a film and you can feel every ounce of dead weight, as sins of the past are committed without any signs of stopping.
 Transformers: The Last Knight is a punishing, pummeling experience.
 Make it stop. Make it stop. Make it stop. Make it stop.
 If there's a movie worse than this set for release this year, let's hope the distributor has the good sense not to do it.
 Military-Industrial Uncomplicated...Despite the theme that "Magic does exist" ("It was found long ago. Inside a crashed alien ship"), The Last Knight is all mirthless jokes and thrill-less mayhem.
 Young kids and their adult parents are the only people who'll be able to find some value to The Emoji Movie. Anyone else will probably just smash their smartphone in a bout of raging frustration.
 The design is bright and there are in-jokes for the emoji users among parents, but even with his history of great voice work (see Big Hero 6) Miller sounds like he's throwing his lines into a void.
 This is ... a horrible intention hidden (badly) behind a piece of entertainment, a corporate meeting translated into a film, only it isn't a film, it's an advert, a gathering of flies feasting on the wounded corpse of art and culture.
 The script is thin and derivative, and much of the humour falls flat.
 Plotless, joyless and cash-grabbing, The Emoji Movie deserves the brunt of our wrath because it showcases everything wrong with Hollywood.
 Sad to look at and joyless to watch, there's nothing on offer here for anyone but the least-demanding child.
 Also last but not least, our sympathies for Patrick Stewart, who lends his voice to the poop emoji. Yes, you heard that right.
 To put it in the film's own terms, The Emoji Movie is one big pile of Patrick Stewart.
 A catalog of situations that don't conform a unified corpus and that only tries, perhaps like the ephemeral of the messages that contain emojis, its fast forgetfulness. 
 A comedy that tries to tune with these times, but that will not remain precisely in the history of the genre. 
 80-plus minutes of excruciating mental torture.
 ... a weak script, with poor, ugly animations... 
 Come back, The Angry Birds Movie, you 2016 cartoon calamity! Not only is all forgiven. You are a paragon of taste, restraint and higher learning when compared to this year's app-trocity leaping from phone screen to big screen.
 The Emoji Movie certainly ain't getting a positive review from me. But it never made me actually angry... 
 This film is almost like spending the day in the phone looking at social networks: a waste of time. 
 With its relatively brief running time of 85 minutes, The Emoji Movie provides passable entertainment for the children.
 Although this is clearly attempting to emulate The Lego Movie with its knowing tone, it's remains a nakedly hollow exercise all throughout. Less fun than a break-up text.
 Yes, I'm aware I may be thinking a little too pedantically about a trivial children's cartoon. This is how your mind wanders, though, when you're a sentient adult stuck in front of a film as vapid as this one.
 No matter how bad you expected The Emoji Movie to be, believe me when I tell you, from the bottom of my heart, that it is so much worse.
 The audience is paying to be subjected to all this free advertising. Shouldn't that be the other way round?
 This new animated film only seeks to exalt an indifferent, impersonal and cynical world in which we are led to believe that the best way to communicate is by sending and receiving clumsy little faces. 
 A strident palette of candy-coloured empty calories and poop jokes and a cynical message about accepting yourself had me searching for an emoji showing a dispirited film critic hanging from a noose fashioned from a phone-charger cable.
 Mind-numbing cinematic malware - a total time-waster!
 The Emoji Movie is not just a critical flop, but also a metaphor for a Hollywood that is struggling to find the line between branding that audiences love and branding that audiences resent.
 A cinema release perhaps without equal this year in terms of how shockingly dreadful it is.
 From its cringey premise, there was little hope that The Emoji Movie would be anything but awful. The premonition is correct.
 Let's hope this isn't the future of animated features.
 An embarrassing exercise in advertising. Insert poop emoji here. 
 This is a charmless and ham-fisted production whose cynical attempt to connect with the young is surely destined to fail.
 One of the worst films of the year. It's the poop emoji personified.
 Not just bad, but it's offensively boring, and tedious.
 An one-hour and twenty-minute blatant spot on "the secret life of your smartphone". 
 The worst thing in this consistently dire effort to pick the pockets of young, vulnerable cretins is its determination to exploit the unworkable premise to death and beyond. 
 There's no reason why this animated comedy adventure needed to be this pointless.
 It fails to deliver any emotion.
 The Emoji Movie squanders the talents of its capable voice cast on an animated film that is as cynical in its outlook as it was in its conception.
 I had no intention of seeing "The Emoji Movie" --- we all have our limits --- but David insisted we attend the screening. 
 Unfunny and unengaging, The Emoji Movie combines product placement, ingratiating voice-work and barrel-scraping studio desperation, all while having the gall to peddle a 'be yourself' message.
 You sum up 'The Emoji Movie' with one symbol.
 At its best, this seems like a second-rate version of Pixar's Inside Out. At its worst, it's a cash-grab based on a cynical high-level concept.
 There's a justifiable self-loathing running through The Emoji Movie, a fragile attempt to (sigh) deconstruct the meaning of Emojis while also (sigh) demonstrating the profound possibility that Emojis are the language of the future.
 Disregard that PG rating and keep your children far away from director Tony Leondis' vile animated faux-comedy. Beneath its trippy surface lurks an insidious philosophy hazardous to impressionable minds.
 Please, never again.
 I don't think I can say anything funny about this, because it makes me want to die.
 The film is boldly bad, yes, but also boldly boring.
 Fie on this movie. Fie on those who bankrolled it, fie on those who wrote and directed it, fie on anyone who participated in it.
 If you're looking for a substitute viewing experience chock full of bright colors and erratic animation, you're better off staring at a smartphone for an hour and a half.
 Hating The Emoji Movie is easy, not to mention fun, necessary, and appropriate.
 Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.
 It would be hard to forgive The Emoji Movie its "meh" plotline and the fact that it is literally one giant ad for apps, but its most unforgivable sin is that it perpetuates the notion that emojis are childish.
 The Emoji Movie should not be supported because it celebrates lazy filmmaking, bad storytelling, and materialism. 
 The Emoji Movie is the worst of cinema made for children and families-a lazy, barely developed story that relies on audience recognition of phone apps. Not funny or fun.
 Excuse me while I scan my phone for the vomit emoji. 
 Hear that? It's the end of the world.
 Do yourself a favor, and swipe left on this one.
 Lacks humor, wit, ideas, visual style, compelling performances, a point of view or any other distinguishing characteristic that would make it anything but a complete waste of your time.
 A film as mindless and disposable as most smartphone apps (and nowhere near as addictive), "The Emoji Movie" is a calamity that inadvertently shows how difficult it is to pull off the witty, imaginative world-building that Pixar makes seem so breezy. 
 Crappy. (If you prefer the poop emoji, that works too.)
 The Poochie of movies.
 The Emoji Movie is almost as bad and brutally depressing as everything else in 2017.
 It is one of the darkest, most dismaying films I have ever seen, much less one ostensibly made for children.
 It's not the worst thing ever made, but it is seemingly afraid to commit to being a coming-out parable.
