 George Miller has told a story that feels authentic to the world he's created, but that also takes it in a new and fascinating direction.
 The action here is fast and furious, and truly out of this world.
 It is a wild, inventive, barking-bonkers trumpet voluntary of Wagnerian proportions, and I loved it. I loved it.
 looks like oil on a hot engine
 ... visually the film is astonishing.
 The chases and wrecks are artfully choreographed, the constant motion tending toward the balletic.
 Mad Max: Fury Road is a rare successful franchise resurrection; it is an 80s action film with the budget of a modern era film with mind-blowing cinematography
 Nothing about this story is tame. It is filled with relentless non-stop action, violence with a hint of humor.
 The memories of the original Mad Max series are intact. This is not more of the same. Fury Road takes you down a different trail.
 Yeah, I get it. I admired the film a lot. But did I love it? Well...
 Insanely creative. Insanely violent. Insanely satisfying.
 [Mad Max's] visual intelligence and wit vastly outweigh its concessions to the genre.
 I can only say that it's one of the purest pieces of filmmaking virtuosity you'll see anywhere.
 Miller's commitment to things that look cool cannot be overstated. Mad Max Fury Road is a never-ending stream of such things
 Miller has truly knocked this one out of the park. A home run if I've ever seen one, and one that I'm looking forward to experiencing again.
 You need to go see this film. Wins for women in Hollywood are too rare for you not to.
 Mad Max: Fury Road wasn't the biggest hit film of the summer of 2015 (that honor belongs to Jurassic World) but it is easily the most visceral and the most intelligent action film of year. Decades in the making, there's nothing else like this out there.
 While the original conceit of the Mad Max universe is maintained, the new film surpasses its origins, and offers up a brand new post-Apocalyptic funhouse ride, with a surprisingly thoughtful subtext.
 Those in search of a bludgeoning good time will find it in his new scorched-earth action extravaganza, Mad Max: Fury Road -- it's hard to remember the last time a summer tent-pole movie over-delivered in the ways this does.
 Mad Max: Fury Road is the perfect chick flick for the discerning viewer who prefers her protagonist to be more Ellen Ripley than a musical Charlie's Angel.
 A real visual and narrative hallucination, that does not stop at any time and steals your breath every minute. 
 The craziest, most delirious spectacle you're likely to lay eyes on this year.
 A machine that roars at full throttle for two solid hours. 
 Mad Max: Fury Road is the action movie we've forgotten to demand, or perhaps we never knew we could ask for. 
 That argument about how CGI has ruined the popcorn blockbuster is met with maniacal laughter on behalf of Miller and his audacity to stay true to his roots.
 The film creates a perfect balance between action and depth of basic needs, in the midst of an infertile atmosphere. 
 Mad Max: Fury Road captures the joy and style of what action cinema once was -- a good story with convincing characters supported by the stunning choreography of cinematography, editing and production design.
 Miller now ranks alongside Gilliam, Lynch, Burton et al as one of cinema's more distinct visionaries thanks to this elseworld of warped, hideous survivors and bizarre contraptions.
 Richly visual reboot.
 [Audiences] will immediately recognize its undeniable prowess and action-classic qualities that have been missing from the world of cinema for quite some time now.
 The inventiveness and chutzpah with which Miller keeps this mad pursuit interesting is remarkable, as is the movie's cinematography, and design.
 A fun and thrilling film where Miller doesn't take himself too seriously and allows some humor to appear, like the crazy flamethrower guitar player. 
 If George Miller set the bar for modern action films with Mad Max in 1979, with Fury Road he completely obliterates it and creates an entirely new cinematic standard all his own.
 [Furiosa is] the human touch in this inhumane world and the madly beating heart of this technical wonder of a movie.
 A insane and surprisingly free proposal. Brutal. 
 George Miller's Mad Max: Fury Road upends all expectations-about how action sequences are composed, what themes a blockbuster can contain, or who a film's actual protagonist can be-and puts most other filmmakers working on this scale to shame.
 It's not the masterpiece that people prematurely announced, but it's deffinately one of the best films of 2015. 
 Although Mad Max is not for everyone, those who want a good shake that doesn't put their neurons at stake will fefinitely appreciate it. 
 The result is a film that combines the crazy style of his predecessors with his own frenetic pace. 
 The real protagonist is an abstract but essential character to the film: the road itself. 
 A visual spectacle open to interpretations and readings, and a very entertaining experience. 
 Miller's trademark absurdist humour pops up ever so often in the middle of the stunningly directed and relentless mayhem.
 Not the masterpiece that more than one critic has ventured prematurely to ponder, however finishes being the blockbuster of the year. 
 Fury Road, despite its lack of an interesting plot, despite the absence of flesh-and-blood characters, despite the basic sameness of any sequel, still manages to thrill. 
 There's an amazing sense of scale and depth to the cinematography by John Seale, who came out of retirement for this one, and also a brilliantly varied color palette.
 It's easy to make a wall-to-wall action movie when you don't care if it looks real or makes narrative sense, and that's the essential difference between so much action today and Fury Road.
 Mad Max: Fury Road makes you feel the heat of its apocalyptic atmosphere, the rust of the wreckage scraping beneath your fingers and the impossible hope that its characters will rise from the ashes.
 Miller surpassed all expectations. 
 Miller has given us a worthy continuation of his own sensational vision. 
 All that we are seeing on the screen is happening with real people, real action sequences in the background, forcing the eye to watch as if we were there. 
 The title character seems along for the ride in George Miller's very good looking reimagining of the post-apocalyptic fantasy world he first delivered in 1979. 
 A small miracle to have a great time with.  
 Charlize Theron is really something.
 A great film that hopefully motivate some to see (or meet for the first time) the original saga.  
 A spectacular chase movie, entertaining and outstanding that makes you want to send the Fast & Furious drivers back to the driving school. 
 Miller has returned through the front door to reign, without any doubt, among many blockbusters now cooked in Hollywood. 
 Simply bloody amazing, Fury Road is an adrenaline-fuelled, fist-pumping, action masterpiece. You'd be mad to miss it.
 It is far more fun than any other action movie in recent memory; and no doubt a sweet vindication for Miller's admirable perseverance.
 The film's dusty, cobbled-together props and costumes are drawn straight from The Road Warrior. Fury Road drops the '80s big hair and headbands, but overall, it's amazing how well the aesthetic has held up.
 Amid a masterful, epic symphony of truly insane stuntwork, Miller establishes Fury Road as something much greater than the average blockbuster.
 An extremely entertaining film and one of the best action movies I've seen in years. 
 You can almost feel the air whipping around your head and there's an impressive lack of CGI but as an action spectacle the picture has few genuine "wow" moments, favouring constant motion over stand-out sequences.
 It's an authentic Mad Max movie without being slavishly bound to the past -- a radical notion that's so crazy it just works.
 The closest Miller (or anyone else for that matter) has come to capturing the sense of wonder, awe and energy that he did with The Road Warrior
 This is a film daring in both ideas and imagery, a spectacular carnival of carnage that puts most other blockbusters to shame. I'm already gearing myself up for another ride.
 A pulse-pounding two hours of pure anarchy.
 Action as art.
 We'll have to wait for the inevitable sequel to find out where it's going. In the meantime, get yourself some earplugs.
 I hope the franchise continues with Hardy, but I wouldn't mind another franchise that's just Furiosa.
 At 70 years old, director George Miller returns to give a master class in how to make an action film. With rich visuals and a preference for practical effects, Mad Max Fury Road is the best movie of 2015 so far.
 Far from feeling repetitive or even drawn out, Fury Road grips like a vice throughout.
 As a car chase movie, though, this thing is the bomb.
 A relentless two-hour assault both on the eardrums and the eyeballs, Mad Max: Fury Road is the craziest film of the year so far -- and one of the loudest of all time.
 In short, this is a brilliantly orchestrated, riotously entertaining action thriller that demands to be seen on the big screen.
 Miller throws everything at the screen in balletic, joyous conflagrations that, while long and in some ways repetitious, never get boring.
 Hope is also what makes Fury Road go. For all the cruelty and destruction in its many monsters' hearts, the movie is a paean to hope.
 Pedal-to-the-medal kick ass action drives this summer winner to the max. If there is any justice Charlize Theron will get an Oscar nomination. And so will the movie.
 Fury Road is an experience for the senses, bursting with colour, car chases and downright ridiculous armoury.
 "Mad Max: Fury Road" is everything you want your summer blockbuster to be: loaded with insane action, hot actors and death-defying stunts.
 This is what fast and furious really looks like.
 Masterfully kinetic and often downright berserk.
 [Miller's] uncompromising, yet resolutely accessible vision melts down and re-forges the template all of his contemporaries in the action field will have to work with from now on.
 Not one frame of this movie is wasted. It feels as if every moment is loaded with conflict: Visually stunning, aurally pleasing, impactful conflict.
 Max himself and some of the villains may be thinly sketched, but Fury Road is definitely worth the cost of gasoline to go and see.
 Jaw-droppingly beautiful when it isn't horrifyingly ugly, this is a literal vision of hell-on-wheels and features some of the most astonishing action ever committed to film.
 Para saber como seria um filme que tomou ácido e cheirou cocaína, basta assistir a Mad Max: Estrada da Fúria.
 The freakiness elevates the film.
 Mad Max creator George Miller brings the futuristic franchise thundering back to life, a lot less lean but just as mean, more than three decades after Mel Gibson donned the leathers.
 Unlike action directors of the plodding sort, George Miller doesn't ask you to understand the deliriously strange world into which he throws you headlong. He just wants to change the parts you recognize.
 An action packed, artistic, and emotional piece of apocalyptic cinema that I enjoyed greatly...
 Despite all the flaming twisted metal and heavy riffing, Fury Road's most explosive element might be its keenly subversive heart.
 Mad Max: Fury Road delivers all the stylish and dusty mayhem I could handle for two fast and furious hours.
 Mad Max: Fury Road is a relentless marvel of sense-pummeling stunts and gargoyle horror that needs to take a breather once in a while. 
 Feminist? Absolutely. Detrimental to the film? Not in the slightest...it's a movie of heavy metal imagination and bone-grinding engineering. Motorheads rejoice!
 It's bursting with imagination, wit, enough real-world stunts to create a sense of high stakes, and performances that register with real emotion in the midst of absurdity.
 Fury Road has visionary moments, speed and a wild sense of daring
 You stumble out of the theatre giddy about what films can do, transported by the breathtaking velocity in this battering ram of a picture that just goes, goes, goes and then keeps on going.
 It is fair to say that Fury Road will raise audience expectations to the degree that every producer and studio chief with an action flick tentpole scheduled for this summer will soon be reaching for the painkiller of his or her choice.
 I defy you to see a better film this year.
 A blazing descent into a desert hellscape. Revs on and on as a spectacle best seen on the big screen in all its crazy-as-a-desert-fox, carefully car-choreographed glory. One leering, gibbering, riotous romp of an action-extravaganza.
 "Mad Max: Fury Road" is one long adrenaline pump of a chase scene.
 Hope is a mistake. But this represents a certain kind of hope that's contagious. As technology continues to improve and digital effects persist, it's refreshing to see an old-school master get back to basics - and use his powers for good.
 The movie is one long-running battle scene expertly staged and paced by Miller, with a judicious use of CGI that doesn't insult us with the blatantly impossible.
 Mad Max: Fury Road possesses the most elusive of cinematic virtues: it fits no mold other than its own. 
 An amazing piece of genre filmmaking, and, frankly speaking, 90% of the Hollywood action film community just got schooled by a 70-year-old veteran.
 "Fury Road" is a movie in which action speaks louder than words. Miller and his production team fill the screen with a wide variety of amazing and impressive stunts, which will have you gaping in disbelief, while holding the dialogue to a minimum.
 Happy end of the world.
 [VIDEO ESSAY] Instant cult-classic? You bet.
 The action is fast and furious and totally bonkers. And yet the style is totally original: Old West showdowns meets funk mayhem meets feminist drama. Seriously.
 Everything you need to know about the situations and characters is vibrantly depicted on screen. This isn't a film for people who want everything revealed through dialogue.
 For all its action and spectacle, Mad Max: Fury Road represents a sort of creative idealism that critics and cinephiles swoon for.
 ...has a lot more to do with the architecture of the frame and Miller's delight in throwing things right at the face of the audience than any sneaky feminism. There's a kind of kinetic genius to the movie, which is essentially one long chase.
 an all-out rush of visceral, kinetic power and-yes-fury that mixes the old and the new in ways that are both dazzling and exhausting
 Thunderously entertaining re-boot --a relentless action movie that avoids clutter while maintaining a visual ferocity and taking time for a few heartwarming detours.
 Neither a remake or reboot, but rather a refuel of glorious Nitrous that not only has this long gestating franchise supercharged, but also firing on all cylinders
 A spectacular demolition derby of action that totally overwhelms every other aspect of the film: characters, narrative, emotion and charm flattened in the dust.
 It seems the only people who make them like they used to are the ones that made the originals.
 Fury Road is all technique but sometimes you want more or in this case, maybe less.
 If you strap yourself in and let yourself just go along for the ride, you might just get your mind blown.
 I was lost in the relentless imagination of this thing, which baits us with the purest of popcorn fodder, yet smashes the ceiling of the Bechdel Test with a righteous feminist roar.
 A visceral feminist anthem disguised as a post-apocalyptic car chase.
 Even after two viewings, I feel as though I've only scratched the surface of Mad Max: Fury Road. George Miller's action fantasy is astonishingly dense for a big-budget spectacle, not only in its imagery and ideas but in the complex interplay between them.
 Lots of fire in this one.
 A revved-up vision of gloriously twisted design, propulsive momentum and resonant mythmaking.
 I was already getting excited for my second viewing ten minutes into my first ... it's got the weird vernacular, the Australian-ness .... It may have cost hundreds of millions of dollars, but still feels home-grown, hand-made, and completely deviant.
 Mad Max: Fury Road delivers. There's no clearer or more succinct way to put it. 30 years after last appearing on the big screen, Max roars back with a vengeance.
 When it comes to foot-down, hell-for-leather exhilaration, Mad Max: Fury Road makes the Fast & Furious franchise resemble a spin in a Reliant Robin.
 While it isn't likely to change your idea of cinema (at least I hope not), isn't worth the hype and has its share of problems, this is one wild ride that's worth taking.
 Mad Max: Fury Road is one hell of an achievement; 'hell' being the operative word, given how long director George Miller spent toiling to develop the damned thing.
 This is not your father's Mad Max.
 A film of visionary grandeur.
 Everything we desire in a summer popcorn movie, and more.
 one can look at any quarter of the screen and see more action and more amusing detail than is in any three other action films this summer
 Fast and furious, this revolutionary Road is a solid two hours of maximum overdrive. 
 Fury Road is a defiantly individual riposte to those committee-led blockbusters which are built on CGI and designed to sell toys.
 Excellent movie. 
 ...makes a stark statement: If this is humanity, then it's no wonder the world was destroyed. Most of these maniacs would blow it up again tomorrow.
 It's fine B-grade mulch, but it's certainly no masterpiece...it's surprising, and a tad disheartening, how readily Fury Road falls into line with so many other production-line blockbusters.
 The film lacks the granular realism of the earlier installments, but Miller renders that unnecessary by magnifying the weirdness and insanity that always lurked beneath the series' surface.
 Miller begins with a well-choreographed chase sequence that never really stops. Except for a handful of very short detours, this is two hours of unrelenting warfare.
 Buckle up tight, moviegoers - Mad Max: Fury Road is one hell of a ride.
 The action movie of the summer.
 Believe all the hype: This movie will melt your face off. 
 An orgy of loud and louder, leaving us alternately exhilarated, exasperated and exhausted.
 A more peripatetic, high octane, testosterone-fueled chase film you will rarely see.
 Headlong, berserk, bonkers, bat----, boisterous, bountiful and big-hearted... George Miller in three sentences: We're doomed. Keep moving. Be kind.
 Mad Max: Fury Road is a glorious symphony of violence, action, and subversive wit and wisdom that goes far beyond anything its series' predecessors or any recent action film has done.
 So wonderful to behold and packed with glorious action that by the end there was a grand total of 12 words in my trusty reviewer's notebook. And two of them were "holy sh*t."
 The best action movie since - if I'm trying really hard to be conservative - Hard Boiled in 1992.
 An electric monster of an action film!
 A mesmerizing ride of non-stop action and imaginative weirdness from beginning to end. It also has more than just action. There are interesting characters and some glimpses into an amazing desert society.
 Boring plot, impressive but depressing production - a boys - toys movie
 Ferocious and irresistible, Mad Max: Fury Road is a modern masterpiece that could redefine the action standard.
 Holy crap "Mad Max: Fury Road" rocks! Oh what a lovely day indeed!
 The epitome of a badass thrill ride and what a reboot should really be, I'll patiently wait another 30 years for someone to achieve what George Miller has pulled off here.
 Mad Max: Fury Road is a beautifully strange, violent and thrilling cinematic composition that proves George Miller is a more brilliant maestro than ever. 
 A gorgeous, scrap-metal demolition derby of a popcorn picture.
 ... a furious, insanely entertaining post-apocalyptic road picture ... Miller, who just turned 70, puts on a clinic for aspiring action directors young enough to be his grandchildren.
 Director George Miller wastes enough bombs and ammunition to win a small war but it's in a winning cause. This is a lot of fun and pure guilty post-apocalyptic pleasure. 
 Stripped of such frivolities as plot and character development, Fury Road is two hours of rolling thunder that will leave your inner 12-year-old giggling with glee.
 I saw it twice and liked it vastly more the second time around, when I'd adjusted my expectations and had my bearings from the get-go. Then it became about digging the spectacle - not to mention the hilarious sexual politics.
 Makes most other blockbusters, superhero sagas and special-effect blowouts look like they were made with doodles, doodads and trinkets from a toy box.
 An A-plus B-movie that at times feels almost like a tone poem to early-'80s excess, a cross between a monster-truck rally and a Plasmatics concert.
 Like Jurassic Park, The Dark Knight, and, yes, The Road Warrior before it, Mad Max: Fury Road sets a new gold standard for action cinema. 
 It turns out we do need another hero, and it comes in the guise of George Miller.
 The audience feels transported to this post-apocalyptic setting, and the mind-blowing action sequences rival any that have ever been put to film. George Miller does a magnificent job in recapturing the feel of his beloved "Mad Max" franchise.
 If you're up for the ride you'll be rewarded with the most senses- and (common) sense-shattering action spectacle in decades.
 A hyper-accelerated rush of towering, weird-ass oil-fisted heavy metal explosiveness.
 I wanted get my socks knocked off but they were still on my feet as I left the theater.
 For anyone who denied that Titus Andronicus could ever be mashed up with The Cannonball Run, here is your answer, and we are only too happy to follow Nux as he cries, "What a lovely day!," and accelerates into a whirlwind of fire.
 In Fury Road there is nothing pacifist or even docile in Miller's conception of the nature of the feminine, no matter what they look like or what they are wearing.
 An astonishing full-throttle action movie that proves Miller may have taught those other directors everything they know - but he didn't teach them everything he knows.
 Thirty years after his hero walked off into a nuclear sunset, George Miller returns for more than just a greatest-hits package, orchestrating a go-for-broke action symphony that's also wonderfully, wildly subversive.
 One over-the-top, bombastic, adrenaline-filled chase scene. Love it or leave it.
 Mad Max is Back. George Miller is an action-movie genius. See it in 2D!
 If you want your big screen thrill ride this summer, this might just be the ticket.
 Writer/Director George Miller set the GPS, aligned the steering wheel and then unrelentingly stepped on the gas, never once stopping or slowing down to second guess himself.
 Fury Road is also one of the best action movies of the decade, a punk Last Judgment with manic invention and depraved wit on display in every frame.
 Unrestrained and uncompromising, this hugely enjoyable blockbuster provides a mad and memorable ride. More please!
 Tom Hardy is mad as hell and he's not going to take it anymore. Well, OK, maybe one more time in George Miller's furious adrenaline pill that's true to the movie's kick-ass roots. 
 Try naming a modern blockbuster that has as much chutzpah as Mad Max: Fury Road. You can't, because there isn't one. This is what happens when you lay out all your crazy on the screen at once: glorious, crackling entertainment.
 The time that Mad Max: Fury Road took in the oven was to demonstrate that the legendary character has much to deliver and get excited for.  
 Almost unprecedented in the history of movies- a reboot from the 30 director 30 years later that's an absolute triumph of kinetic action.
 The incredible array of physical objects moving through space in unique ways makes it seem limitlessly inventive, in a way that's far more artistic than the basic button-pushing of something like "Furious 7."
 The practical effects and stunts give it the kind of bone-jarring, visceral impact that most Hollywood and Marvel superhero movies have largely abandoned. By comparison, The Avengers: Age Of Ultron, seems unconvincingly cartoonish.
 Furiously on-target for action junkies and fan-boys...
 A speed-metal classic. 
 Awesome! Up-ends the genre. No dialogue, no exposition, no explanation and no kissing. Just pure energy (and heroic stunt work)!
 Miller has the dubious distinction of essentially creating the post-apocalyptic action genre, and in this film, set some 40 years after the fall of the world, he outdoes himself.
 Grim yet exhilarating, it may be one of the more powerful movies this year.
 In the 1979 'Mad Max,' a makeup-effects insert shot shows the doomed Toecutter's eyes bulging impossibly from his head in the instant before he collides with a truck; I felt similarly bug-eyed as I tried to take in the awesome spectacle of 'Fury Road.'
 Miller's ferocious, grotesque, beautiful film is every bit the equal of its original trilogy from the '80s, and throws down the gauntlet for every action film made since. 
 An unapologetic action film that shows how magnificent chase scenes can be when put in the hands of a gifted director and a cast that realizes that in a post-apocalyptic world, less really is more.
 One of the most harrowing, intense, thrilling action movies of all time. It is absolutely epic.
 A double-barrelled shotgun enema straight to the senses, George Miller's Mad Max: Fury Road is an exercise in relentless, pedal-to-the-metal momentum that can only qualify as savagely pleasurable.
 It's the cinematic ride of the year.
 The reason why movies were invented.
 It makes sense a MAD MAX army goes into battle with a metal guitarist. This primal, epic film is the stuff of Homer in the key of Metallica. 
 There's no great meaning here - it's a basic story of rebellion and redemption. But there's such energy and visual invention in a world so fully realized and dazzling that the roller coaster ride is more than enough on its own.
 A marvel of action choreography.
 There's never been anything like Mad Max: Fury Road, a film as revolutionary as it is entertaining.
 Miller has made all of these younger filmmakers seem like dinosaurs. The fourth film in the series is head and shoulders above other modern action films.
 Mad Max: Fury Road is a thrill ride for the ages. This is a great pulpy B-movie infused with A-list talent and the bountiful studio budget to boot.
 Utterly unhinged, magnificently inspired, hugely ambitious, deeply weird, emotionally resonant, and brilliant in every possible way, Mad Max: Fury Road is a mow-you-down masterwork.
 A dystopian road movie that is essentially one gigantic, heart-pumping, gritty-yet-artisanal chase sequence.
 This summer's blockbuster offerings may be setting box office records, yet seem like holograms when compared with this weighty offering.
 It's got the action and explosions of a "Transformers" movie, but makes those films look like complex dramas in comparison.
 70-year-old George Miller steps before this cinematic cult, shows the skill set he's developed over the last three-plus decades, and then drops the mic.
 This is how an action movie should be: gutsy, unapologetic, relentless, artful, well-written, full-throttle and, above all, spectacular. Destined to be an Australian classic.
 George Miller has taken trash, literally and figuratively, and transformed it into a kinetic art sculpture traveling through the Namib at 200 kilometers per hour, complete with its own roving orchestra...
 Movement, images, and some plucky actors carry all the emotion and humor a movie of this scale needs, and its kinetic force delivers an adrenaline boost to your system.
 The "Mad Max" franchise was never for everyone, yet it clearly benefits from fresh blood, too. Propelled by Miller's nitro-burning aesthetic vision and an entertaining cast, this turbo-charged new model is a gas, gas, gas.
 A kinetic, hallucinatory, boldly feminist chase flick that, with its vibrant color palette, harrowing stunt work and show-don't-tell style of yarn-spinning, leaves every Marvel movie and every Fast & Furious in its irradiated dust.
 Reboots the franchise with intense, explosive energy... It is straight-up, wall-to-wall bonkers.
 Fury Road ignites this overwhelming sensation of chill inducing satisfaction and an unquenchable thirst that can only be satiated by repeat viewings of a visually stunning and unconventionally magnificent technological achievement in filmmaking.
 There's enough horror remixed here -- of the Heart of Darkness version -- to engage our current moment. That should be one of the obligations of a reboot.
 Mad Max: Fury Road provokes the same question from its audience again and again: What can you show me next? The answer is always the same: Something even more outlandish and imaginative than what you just saw.
 It goes to show that, even in a lovingly detailed post-apocalyptic milieu of de-evolution, a filmmaker can still evolve.
 A gleefully violent -- and improbably feminist -- phantasmagoria that turns epic road rage and long stretches of vehicular omnicide into an eye-boggling joy ride.
 Miller has found his heavy metal groove (one of the legion of freaky baddies is strapped to the front of a truck, grinding out a sonic burn of electric guitar licks for the entire movie).
 It's a pitiless, primitive, primal world [Miller's] built - from its medicine to its religion to its tribal diplomacy - and it's wondrous to behold.
 It marries unadulterated, uncompromised thematic weight to an onslaught of juggernaut action, creating a film to which all other blockbusters this summer might as well bow down in deference. This is like mainlining the reason why we go to the movies.
 *This* is how you reboot a franchise. But as good an apocalyptic actioner as "Mad Max: Fury Road" is, "The Road Warrior" is still the gold standard.
 Miller ... dreamed the mighty dream that is this film for more than a decade before being able to bring it to life. It has been worth the wait.
 People, you're witnessing the best film of its genre in the decade. 
 Avant-garde action cinema on an enormous scale that manages to be utterly original and suffused with a rebellion against patriarchy that is thrilling to watch in this form.
 This incredible cinematic masterpiece takes you on a high-octane acid trip that gloriously assaults your senses... probably one the best action movies you'll ever see.
 A mind-boggling exercise in pure action Mad Max: Fury Road is overwhelming, achieving the sort of visual poetry typically ascribed to Ben-Hur's chariot race or one of Sam Peckinpah's blood ballets.
 That master of apocalyptic junkyard anarchy is back, bigger, wilder, madder than ever.
 I don't mean to go full-tilt cinema geek here, but Miller's Mad Max: Fury Road resonates with classic epics from the distant past.
 Fury Road is a two-hour car chase, but strapped to the hood (much like Max himself in the early scenes) is a simple, satisfying story.
 Two movies rolled into one: one is an action packed and high octane film, and another with a sociological and even a spiritual background. 
 Miller's Mad Max: Fury Road is a hammer-down, cast-iron-plated, diesel-exhaust-belching manifesto on the physics of screen action, a metamechanics monster truck show with everything but a Robosaurus.
 Fury Road is a feast of explosions, fights and crashes that come at break-neck speed... The worst thing about the movie moving at such a rapid pace is that there is little time to appreciate the craftsmanship that went into the modified rides.
 Miller remains a supreme master of action. With his splendid tech cohorts, the action here is immersive and high impact; it has a nasty, believable edge. It plays well, real... when characters are close to die, we feel it. 
 The fourth installment of Miller's Mad Max films is not to be missed. 
 An operatic extravaganza of thrilling action and nearly non-stop mayhem ... exhilarating, deranged and exhausting in almost equal measures.
 Unstoppable and righteous, it roars across the no-lane hardpan like the four-iron horseman of the kinetic apocalypse, amped up on bathtub crank and undiluted movie love. Oh, what a movie. What a lovely movie!
 A masterpiece, the return of the eternal Apocalipse and a tale reminiscent of Homer's Illiad.  
 Despite the frenetic pace of Mad Max: Fury Road and its massive set-pieces, gobsmack-nonstop action and violence, insane costuming, and its bombastic soundtrack, there is a story and there is character development. 
 It's action with a purpose - Miller's potent opera of movement becomes a rolling horror-satire of mankind's greed, foolish short-termism and endless penchant for self-destruction.
 A new entry in the Mad Max franchise every bit as unique as the first three, Mad Max: Fury Road is a welcome, exciting and surprising addition to the post-apocalyptic blockbuster genre.
 2015 belongs to Max!
 To paraphrase James Ellroy, Fury Road rules, all other summer blockbusters drool.
 Real people and organic settings always capture the eye more fully, and imply higher stakes, than CGI imagery. Miller ups the ante by ensuring all characters and vehicles are visually striking, either in their good looks or their hideousness.
 A pedal to the metal cinematic excursion unrivaled by most any action flick -- especially in the car chase action sub genre -- of the past decade. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
 As efficient an exercise in pure action and visceral excitement as today's jaded audiences could ask for, though little more than that.
 Miller shoots the mayhem with a clear, steady eye, plus a fair amount of cheeky humour.
 This new 'Mad Max,' reimagined with considerable inspiration and a wicked production design, is a furiously good action film.
 Perhaps, in this mix of explosive action, manic mythopoeia and radical politics, there is hope for the future after all.
 This is entertainment to the maddest max. Every inner 12-year-old will think he -- or perhaps even she -- has died and gone to a heaven that looks just like hell.
 Even in the most chaotic fights and collisions, everything makes sense. ... And Mr. Miller demonstrates that great action filmmaking is not only a matter of physics but of ethics as well. There is cause and effect; there are choices and consequences.
 Rocks the screen with a fluid intensity of masterful visual storytelling. 
 A blockbuster that dares to have meaningful themes and complex characters...
 A post-apocalyptic western of the highest order.
 This is analog filmmaking at its most daring.
 It's enormous, destructive, and largely indescribable. It's also a gleefully barnstorming actioner that's going to be difficult to top this year. 
 Miller, whose 1979 picture of the same name was the first worldwide hit in the Australian film revival of the '70s, has topped himself with a version that has maybe half the emotion but twice the visual impact.
 Hardy and Theron make a dynamite team, but Theron is the film's bruised heart and soul. So get prepped for a new action classic. You won't know what hit you. 
 An anything-goes phantasmagoria of starkly indelible sights and explosive, bone- and metal-crunching carnage. "Mad Max: Fury Road" isn't a deep movie, but it is a technically spectacular one.
 You leave the theater still shaking, everything still pumping and throbbing, a treadmill stopping on a dime and sending you careening through the back wall.
 An absolute action masterpiece. George Miller's made a true genre classic. As good as - maybe even better than - The Road Warrior. 
 Tom Hardy is perfectly cast as the leather-sporting, crazy-eyed Road Warrior, but the reason why Mad Max: Fury Road feels so right is simple: It's Miller's world, and he's taking us back.
 Mad Max: Fury Road is an artfully crafted adrenaline ride that's powered by Miller's incomparable sense of storytelling through the most primitive, high-speed rawness that's ever been captured on camera.
 Varoom, varoom!
 A steampunk fever dream, a hallucinatory and vicious drive through hell, and 70-year-old director George Miller is behind the wheel ... having a lovely, lovely day.
 Fury Road is about as nontraditional as a big-budget studio movie gets, surviving on its sheer originality, audacity and no-holds-barred attitude.
 Wait until you see this! It's going to knock your socks off.
 When Miller called "action" on this reboot he really meant it.
 With originality, lively animation, and some powerful heart-strung moments, it will make you feel the same way as the five emotions in Riley's head, at least for a time (it's mostly Joy, though, by the end).
 This is what Pixar is brilliant at: showing us animation with an emotionally honest story. 
 ... it's a children's film that won't have to be viewed through a lens of nostalgia, but one that can be re-engaged with on an entirely new level as an adult.
 One of the most original things you'll see all season, and all year.
 Inside Out is outstanding. Astonishing. Sensational.
 It's nice to see a film that celebrates all the emotions, but still manages to be optimistic and uplifting. Inside Out is the full package, and will be one of the year's favourites.
 Cartoon epistemology 101. Kids learn sadness is valid, and joy becomes sad too (bitter-sweetness). It's all good. 'Inside Out' is endearing, inventive, sensitive, and funny.
 It's rare to find media that's genuinely touching without being cloying. Yes, Inside Out is cute - but not distractingly so. Its laughs and tears are earned, in every frame.
 Niagara Falls, Frankie Angel.
 The brilliance of Inside Out... is in the gentle, almost cheery way in which it celebrates sadness as a useful, hardworking, perfectly normal, and perfectly lovable aspect of how a girl grows up.
 As funny as many children will find each of the voices inside Riley's head, both children and adults will come away mesmerized and filled with a sense of wonder of how our brain operates
 Inside Out, which is co-directed by Pete Docter and Ronaldo Del Carmen, may be [Pixar's] most inventive film yet. 
 In the end we come to understand the essential role of sorrow in the human experience. It's a lesson seldom told in film - and never, in my estimation, with more grace and wit than here.
 Aware of its own unrivalled mastery within animation filmmaking, Inside Out is a highly self-reflexive, daring and though-provoking feature, which provides a groundbreaking perspective on the narrative evolution within animation itself.
 This is a story about, very simply, one girl's happiness. And it turns out, that can be an extraordinary thing.
 Pixar has gone back to what it does best: Making characters you care about and want to stay with, who feel and act the way real people do.
 "Inside Out" does what Pixar does best: It stimulates adult minds stiffened with age and alerts them to the brilliant possibilities of everyday life.
 It's full of colour and lovable characters and held together by an immaculately polished screenplay that is every bit as funny as it is moving. It also features some of the best voice performances you'll hear all year.
 Inside Out could very well be, without realizing it, Pixar's most mature entries. 
 Inside Out's biggest accomplishment is being, first and foremost, a movie, and utilizing scientifically sound examples of how emotions are constructed. 
 With Inside Out, Pixar is back on top: The reasons to celebrate are plenty. 
 With five characters, the filmmakers create a fun, fantastic and imagination-filled explanation of the mind's inner working. 
 A melancholy minor masterpiece of dreamy originality, Inside Out is among Pixar's finest.
 [Inside Out] converts complex concepts -- like memory, subconcious, dreams and imagination -- into a visual game, a psychology lesson for both children and adults.
 This spirited movie is a tour de force in bringing enchanting form to abstract ideas.
 The script is tremendously complex, maybe the best -or at least the most elaborate- from John Lasseter's factory to date. 
 Inside Out is a beautiful surprise that will surely bring out a furtive emotion out of you, a melancholic tear and the incredible feeling of being young again. 
 Inside Out is, without a doubt, on the same level as Up and Wall-E as far as cinematography goes. A new classic is born. 
 Once more, Disney-Pixar show their brightness, inteligence, vigor, entertainment and craftsmanship in each scene and sequence. 
 It's one of the most daunting and original ideas that Pixar has ever tackled, and they simply crushed it. Nothing but joy for "Inside Out". 
 Inside Out is a smart, entertaining, compassionate film about the emotions that live in the mind and the sometimes painful process of leaving childish notions behind.
 ... a sharply insightful exploration of the complicated feelings of kids as a cartoon brainscan or an extended dream that turns the mind into an epic theme park ...
 It's more than just a return to form for Pixar; "Inside Out" might be one the best films they've ever made.
 A new Disney-Pixar classic is born, with colorful characters that represent out internal, emotion-filled world. 
 It's amongst the smartest, funniest, and saddest films in the studio's history.
 An absolutely delicious film, as tender as it is intelligent, shining and extremely beautiful. 
 Beautifully animated, clever, funny and emotionally moving, their latest offering is extremely complicated yet deceptively simple.
 Inside Out is moving, quirky and silly and the writers seemed to have struck the perfect balance between cutesy and sombre in its storytelling.
 In the first half of the film, I was being piloted by Confusion and Dissatisfaction. But by the end, Joy was very much in charge.
 Who are Joy, Sadness and the rest but the studio's animators, writers and other artists, excavating memories, implanting ideas and otherwise getting inside the moviegoer's head, to work the control board of the viewer's emotions with uncanny efficiency?
 Pixar's not just back. They've returned with such incredible force it seems silly that we ever suggested they'd left.
 The most euphoric feel-bad movie of the summer.
 Pixar has returned with their fifteenth feature, Inside Out, and I am happy... to inform you that they have evidently regained their magic touch and then some. Not only is it their best movie in years, it is one of their best period.
 A brilliantly visualized concept anchors Inside Out in a way that ensures it will resonate for years to come. Kudos to Pixar for again reminding us that animated entertainment can appeal to all ages and speak to universal truths.
 Inside Out is designed and presented with the accustomed skill and invention that have been the hallmark of Pixar productions.
 Inside Out is as helpful as a session of therapy, and a lot more fun.
 Along comes Inside Out to remind us of the jaw-dropping conceptual flights of fancy the animation studio [Pixar] is capable of pulling off.
 Disney Pixar takes a long walk down an infinite pier of personal identity in Inside Out, an animated tour of developmental psychology that captures the pain of growing up using primary colours and Amy Poehler's voice
 There's a great sense of invention to the way they've laid out the landscape of the mind here, and there are some sequences that are pure animation in a way that Pixar rarely gets to indulge in their features.
 [An] extraordinary and unprecedented film.
 I can't guarantee you will enjoy the same sweetly bonding experience with your own kids, and/or loved ones, but I can tell you with some certainty it will be one of the only films in the summer of 2015 that will even try to make the attempt.
 A dazzlingly inventive, brilliantly written and beautifully animated family comedy that's thought-provoking, laugh-out-loud funny and powerfully, profoundly moving.
 Pixar is back doing what they do best, creating some of the most bold, beautiful and ridiculously feelgood cinema you can imagine, Inside Out is an absolute triumph.
 Genius is an over-used and therefore devalued word, but Inside Out is what it looks like.
 While Inside Out may not necessarily the most outright fun film Pixar has made, it is without a doubt the studio's best.
 Pixar's best movie to date. 
 This is a film that, as I have said before, I consider to be perfect. 
 Say this for Disney-Pixar, it makes some pretty great entertainment out of processing formative experiences.
 Like Pixar's best movies -- Up, Toy Story and Wall-E -- this blazingly original coming-of-age story achieves greatness by refusing to talk down to audiences of any size.
 Your kids will probably enjoy the new Pixar film Inside Out. You may prefer to skip the 3-D premium ticket, take a nap and feed those little devils before you get them to the theater
 A charming mix of humor and heartbreak.
 A produção tematicamente mais ambiciosa da filmografia da Pixar.
 There's little to complain about in a film that, despite its subject matter, plays out on the surface.
 Given the subject matter, Inside Out is undoubtedly the bravest story that Disney-Pixar have ever tackled together.
 [Offers] a strikingly intricate and satisfying conceptualisation of a pre-teen's psyche, complete with a goofball humour area, an imaginary boyfriend machine, a dream studio and a sorrowful visit to the subconscious.
 Like most PIXAR/Disney films, "Inside Out" is technically brilliant.
 Pixar's latest is an unmissable treat.
 Inside Out is most decidedly Pixar at its best.
 Overall, Inside Out is well worth seeing, offering up lots of food for thought.
 [Inside Out] will equally enchant children and the Jung at heart, with an increasingly rapid pace and trippy CGI imagery that allow no time for quasi-Broadway songs.
 Coming from Pixar, Inside Out has, by necessity, a more child-friendly premise. But that doesn't mean the film doesn't boast riches of complexity and nuance.
 Inside Out is, along with Lars Von Trier's Melancholia, one of the most nuanced and elegant filmic depictions of depression I have ever seen. It's also, for my money, one of Pixar's finest films, if not their best.
 Ladies and gentlemen, normal service has resumed. With the release of Inside Out, Pixar Studios is once again making masterpieces. I repeat, normal service has resumed.
 Pixar's distressing run of watchable yet far-from-exceptional pictures continues with Inside Out...
 With its quite literally cerebral bent, I think Inside Out might have some trouble fully connecting with younger kids, but grown-ups are likely to shed more than a few tears and give some knowing nods as this wistful little film plays out.
 I'll add a message for Pixar's genius collective as a whole: Please don't stop stretching, reaching and pushing the boundaries of the art form.
 I hope its real, quite sophisticated lesson -- that it's okay to feel things other than happiness sometimes, and that all our emotions help us grow up -- comes through all the bouncing marbles and glitter showers and rainbow pony princesses.
 Inside Out [is] a bold, gorgeous, sweet, funny, sometimes heartbreakingly sad, candy-colored adventure that deserves an Academy Award nomination for best picture.
 Those bright sparks at Pixar have done it again, taking a fiercely original approach to animated filmmaking that connects with both adults and children.
 Inside Out is audacious as it is silly, as funny as it is imaginative. It's hard to think of a lovelier way to spend 102 minutes this summer.
 Tthe ordinary trauma of an 11-year-old girl coming to terms with a new life and school while losing all her old, comforting, childish certainties has become a glittering, bravura piece of cinema, a comedy both wise and tender.
 Once more the level of conceptual cleverness and ingenious visual design creates real magic.
 Inside Out is animated cinema's brainstorm of the year, possibly the decade.
 The latest computer-animation feature from Disney Pixar, Inside Out is an epic journey across a fantastic landscape which also happens to be compellingly concerned with the quotidian experience of an 11-year-old girl.
 Some of the complexity will probably be lost on younger viewers, but the story itself is entertaining enough to keep the kids' attention.
 There is joy and wonder in this marvelous mounting of a human mind, and a thrilling audacity in how it dares at such a strange and impossible thing.
 Poignant, heartfelt, and endearing, Pixar's latest outing challenges us all to dream, to feel, to be.
 Wise, witty, warm...and Pixar's most audacious move yet.
 An animated masterpiece, one of those rare movies that will speak to kids and adults alike.
 'Inside Out,' upside down or sideways, the latest from Pixar is great fun.
 What remains consistent in the film is the level of intellectual and emotional daring, as well as Pixar's ability to convert that into dynamic visual storytelling that will endure long after Joy and Sadness dolls are piled high in landfills.
 Inside Out brings a young girl's growing pains to life with dazzling wit and tender wisdom.
 Formidably ingenious, Inside Out hits an elusive sweet spot in terms of appealing to children and adults alike.
 It is the sweetest, saddest, happiest, powerful-est, imaginative-est and most important-est film of Pixar's output to date.
 While the film's visual jokes are as funny as they are imaginative, the humor and inventiveness are yoked to an unusually poignant narrative.
 Inside Out is a model of economic and moving storytelling.
 Fittingly for a movie set inside someone's head, Pixar's 15th feature is a fireworks display of fizzing ideas and bursts of imagination.
 ...it's great to see Pixar still has their story telling machine fully operational...this is all about feelings, and Disney/Pixar has no qualms about manipulating yours. 
 What all of mainstream American cinema should want to be - funny and meaningfully sad, deeply thoughtful about its world and story.
 Inside Out is a very fun and smart movie. 
 It's a powerful film that makes you feel all of the emotions you see on screen, and I challenge anyone to watch it without tearing up just a little bit.
 Just as the film itself balances humor and pathos, it suggests that true happiness is not a state of unblemished, perpetual joy, but rather a balance of all those emotions that make us human and therefore capable of love and affection and tenderness. 
 Really clever stuff.
 It is the universality of the film that makes it an instant classic. Inside Out combines simplicity with extraordinary formal daring and sophistication.
 We're sorry we ever doubted you guys. It's really great to have you back.
 Inside Out is stunning achievement that blends creativity, humour and emotion. I'll be saving it a spot in my top-10 list at year's end.
 What's most brilliant about the luminously beautiful "Inside Out," Pixar's best movie in a decade, is how director Pete Docter not only connects beautifully to those emotions but turns them into his characters.
 This breakthrough cartoon attacks enforced happiness and optimism-the white bread and butter of American family movies.
 Pixar has truly outdone themselves, delivering their most intelligent, ambitious, and flat-out best film yet.
 It's hard to say what the imagination maestros might be thinking up down their long road of animated development, but they've outdone themselves with the latest mega-hit Inside Out, another in a non-stop parade of successes.
 A beautiful, meaningful, deeply touching film. Pixar's best work to date.
 In this film about Joy's pursuit of Riley-ness, the message is simple, but subtextual strands are crafty. Most often prettily playful, thought-provoking and mood-moving all at once.
 Truly imaginative and a treat for parents accompanying the kids.
 The filmmakers have found madcap, nonpreachy ways to encourage viewers of all ages to talk more openly about their feelings.
 The Pixar magic is back with a glorious look into the mind of a young girl. Gorgeous imagery, colorful situations and an emotional roller coaster reward any interested viewer.
 The wonderful latest Pixar animated feature wraps a lesson in behavioral science into an ambitious and visually dazzling head trip that's both hilarious and heartwarming.
 A spectacular return to form for Pixar.
 Emotionally mature, genuinely funny, beautifully animated, and with a message that never feels preachy, Inside Out is one of Pixar's finest efforts to date.
 A mix of the brilliant and the basic -- a film that truly soars when it works, but doesn't quite work all of the time.
 Remember how Pete Docter's Up made you feel sad and happy at the same time? Docter's new movie, Inside Out, does that, too.
 Inside Out shows you how much fun it was being daddy's little monkey. It won't show you the power of those moments when you were a kid and you really let the gorilla out. 
 Who among the great filmmakers has put the workings of the human psyche front and center and made it so intellectually engrossing? Hitchcock? Bergman? Maybe, but I really can't remember laughing very much at Vertigo or Persona.
 The film's message is about psychological health. I imagine that quite a few psychology papers will be written about this movie. I don't know if the film's thesis is right, but it is interesting and entertaining.
 Full of smiles and tears, much like childhood itself, Inside Out ticks so many boxes without ever feeling contrived.
 It's a brisk and effortlessly charming affair that explores some of our most basic human emotions and how they work together to make us whole people.
 Inside Out is an exceptional film, even by Pixar's elevated standards.
 The result is joyously funny, as good as anything Pixar Studios has ever done.
 If you get tired of the ideas whizzing around you, you can just sit back and enjoy it as a pretty good Pixar animated comedy.
 The most pleasurably complete Pixar film since 2004's The Incredibles, Inside Out delivers a witty and empathetic answer to the eternal lament of, "What is going on inside your head?"
 It might not have the most original plot ever... but Docter's and Del Carmen's work takes the idea of emotions to a whole different level. 
 In this especially poignant entry in the Pixar catalog, humor, while not entirely absent, takes a backseat to a escalating crisis.
 It is clear in Inside Out that what matters is not the style, but the story and the way it's being told. 
 It's a complete experience, sophisticated on all fronts, most prominently the visual and emotional ones.
 Concerned with the complexities of human decisions, actions and motivations, it turns internal woes we're all familiar with into the stuff of grand drama.
 Inside Out is a masterpiece. 
 Well, let's just say this light, playful and irrepressibly engaging animated adventure succeeds where so many heavy, serious and thematically complex live-action productions have failed.
 This is a movie that dares to explore existential crises, in the middle of the summer, in an animated movie that's aimed at the whole family
 A family film that's respectful to the intellect of kids while also being thoroughly entertaining for adults.
 One of Pixar's very best.
 It's the best possible reason for spending cash to spend emotions, as "Inside Out" gives you your money's worth with a story that entertainingly penetrates the mind to unleash the little kid that went MIA when you hit puberty.
 I personally walked out knowing myself more. Some therapists have achieved less.
 Move over, William Bendix. The Life of Riley is now female.
 Pixar's most existential picture yet.
 A conceptual near-masterpiece ... except for the big chunk in the middle where it isn't.
 In the immortal words of the great Mark Twain, reports of Pixar's death have been greatly exaggerated. ... Inside Out immediately establishes itself as one of the best animated films ever crafted by the studio.
 Not just a wonderful film; it will be an important film.
 The brain, science tell us, is one of the most complex things in all creation, and the movie's depiction of it is a thing of ingenious splendor, a mix of fantastically cartoonish sight gags and sublime comedic riffs.
 Usually those annoying 3D glasses are worth neither the hassle nor the surcharge, but in this case they saved my two children from noticing their normally stoic father blubbering like a newborn baby. 
 Plenty of Pixar movies have the capacity to make people cry, but Inside Out is about *why* we cry.
 I believe that its most significant contribution to pop culture will be as a lasting statement of opposition to facile, idiotic "feelings" as they're currently sold by movie studios, a chance for a moment of truth about loss, and grief, and even numbness.
 It isn't just a wonderful family entertainment, but a warm and creative embrace of the quirks that make us who we are day after day.
 Welcome back, Pixar. You were sorely missed.
 It's all pretty heady stuff. Literally.
 On the scale of inventiveness, "Inside Out" will be hard to top this year. As so often with Pixar, you feel that you are visiting a laboratory crossed with a rainbow.
 "Inside Out" is a fun-filled ride with plenty of jokes for kids and adults.
 A creative look at the way emotions operate in the mind of an 11-year-old girl
 With a totally unique premise, a wealth of voice talent, and the usual attention to detail, "Inside Out" is a must for multiple viewings. 
 After you realize the central message, which has to do with Sadness herself, the film feels a little like an exercise you'd experience at a good therapist's office. Only Pixar could pull that off and make a good, not great, film out of it.
 The challenge here involves maintaining a believable humanity while also making an entertaining case that humanity is impossible without the proper emotional configuration. And in meeting that challenge, the movie keeps surprising and delighting you. 
 Gloriously fulfilling.
 The film's core message, about how sadness is as much a part of life as happiness, hits harder than anything we've seen from the studio to this point.
 I can't see another 2015 film topping its heart, emotion and complexity. You'll love it the first time, but it will prove even more enjoyable upon repeated viewings.
 It's an unbelievably clever take on the adolescent mind and how it all works. 
 Inside Out is what a "kids" movie ought to be. And what adult can't relate to what happens to Riley? All of us have been there, maybe not that way, but there nonetheless. 
 This is a truly great film, a work of beauty and profundity whose computer-generated pixels come closer to human truth that most other live-action movies do. It's the best thing Pixar has ever produced.
 ... The most ambitious Pixar feature to date ...
 As terrific a technical achievement as Inside Out might be, it's an even better piece of writing.
 I don't think I've ever seen a film that more powerfully portrays the fierce intelligence, but also the fragility, of a child's mind for moviegoing audiences.
 A little girl's emotions has so rarely been given the attention and care as Riley's in Pixar's newest film.
 So there are some words on Inside Out. They're OK. I still don't think I got it right. I guess the only words I really need to write are: see this movie. 
 the film's MVP is [Richard] Kind, who brings the same ridiculous brand of pathos to Bing Bong as he did to "A Serious Man's" Uncle Arthur.
 Inside Out is an important reflection on the power of emotion - and proof that Pixar is still king of imaginative CG animated storytelling.
 Considering how many Pixar films seem designed solely to trigger your tear ducts, it's fitting that the studio has finally made a film that is specifically about sadness.
 Pixar has now updated the mapping of our minds with a much broader palette, using the very latest technology and even consulting neuroscientists. The fanciful animated result is a combo of Oz-style quest and bright-hued PET scan.
 It's all very Freudian, or Jungian, or whatever, and little kids may get lost, but there's real verve in the animation and wit in the byplay.
 You will even forgive Disney for Tomorrowland after seeing this one.
 Rising from the creative doldrums of sequelitis after the mediocrity of Cars 2 and the passable Monsters University, Pixar has hit a homer with a delightful, if message-heavy, tale about a little girl coping with a big move.
 An all-ages marvel...
 It is exciting, hilarious, and deeply profound, making the most complex concepts accessible so we can all learn more about who we are and how we got that way. 
 Inside Out is the best American-produced animated film we have seen in many summers and deserves to be recognized as such.
 "Inside Out" is a lovingly animated entertainment destined to work in different ways for different age groups, but it is that rare family feature that should inspire just about everyone to think.
 I both enjoyed and esteemed the latest Pixar installment. But I'm not ready to give away the farm, quiet yet.
 At times, you ache to put the brakes on the chaos, but still Pixar manages to do what it does best, turning the everyday rough and smooth of childhood experience into a thoughtful, inventive adventure.
 "Inside Out" deals maturely with depression and handles it in a complex and human manner.
 This is a humane and heart-wrenchingly beautiful film from Docter; even measured alongside Pixar's numerous great pictures, it stands out as one of the studio's very best.
 What's most cheering about the film -- and most like Pixar's celebrated classics -- is that it's so emotionally astute. You cry because it makes you happy, and you cry because it makes you sad, and you cry because it's all true.
 On the surface, this new animated film is clever and funny but deep down, it's much much more. 
 Welcome back, Pixar. We've missed you.
 Inside Out is the first psychological thriller that's fun for the whole family. Really psychological. And really fun.
 It's this last half of the movie -- when Riley learns that Fear and Sadness are all part of growing up, especially when they work alongside Joy -- that really connects.
 In a summer full of superheroes and dinosaurs, "Inside Out" shows that living an ordinary life is the greatest adventure of all.
 Inside Out's story is utterly unique. It's also a wondrous and magnificent film that celebrates the human experience and all of the smiles, warmth, laughter, tears, frustration, and despair that comes with it.
 It's hard to think of anyone who won't be happy to have had this movie experience. And this is not a middle of the road, safe thing. So that is an enormous achievement.
 Inside Out is imaginative and ambitious, even if it sometimes feels a bit manically overstuffed. And it's definitely a big step up from some recent Pixar films, such as Cars 2 and Monsters University.
 It speaks to the brilliance of Inside Out that many of the film's insights about the interplay of emotion only come to light upon later reflection.
 It's good to get your emotions in check before watching the exquisite Inside Out. You're bound to feel the whole bunch watching a child's mind come alive in the most imaginative ways.
 The best animated movies are made as much for the grown-ups who will accompany the children as for the kids themselves. That's certainly true of "Inside Out" ...
 Only in the medium of animation could a conceit as elaborate as Inside Out's be dramatized, and only animation this well-designed and executed could bring such a story so vibrantly to life.
 Inside Out isn't just a sign of renewed youth from Pixar. It's the reason Pixar exists.
 It's sad. Crushingly, relentlessly sad. And absolutely brilliant.
 Inside Out is a movie that will make you a better human being.
 Co-writer/director Pete Docter's computer-animated film suggests greatness at the start and follows through on that promise.
 Docter and his team manage to create a sweet, hilarious and accurate portrait of the maturity and its greatest difficulty: emotional harmony. 
 Not since Up, has the studio taken on the gnarliness of being human and made it so visually delightful and emotionally resonant.
 It's not unusual for a film about childhood loss to be this funny while it sets about the work of making you cry; it is unusual for it to be this much fun.
 As funny, stirring, unpredictable, exciting and riotously beautiful as it is profound.
 The pic works on multiple levels and will play well to all ages, although in different ways for each. (Full Content Review -- Scary Stuff, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
 I don't think there's ever been a movie this wise and open-minded about what we choose to call negative emotions. There certainly hasn't been one so open-hearted.
 What's most refreshing about "Inside Out" is its inversion of the standard prescriptions of big-budget animation: It's ultimately about the importance of embracing sadness.
 Full of color and optimism, this is an extraordinary take on the human mind. 
 A triumphant return to form for the animation studio.
 Inventive, imaginative and utterly original, it's a wonderful punch to the emotional solar plexus that will have you smiling through your tears, weeping with joy and embracing your sadness.
 Brings back all the excitement and emotion of the golden age of animation created by Toy Story, WALL-E and Up, 
 Pixar aren't afraid to take its audience to darker territories either, and when they do, a simple story about moving house becomes an achingly moving farewell to childhood.
 Buddy films have always been about balancing opposite urges. Here the balance mirrors not only what's needed for great art, but also for mental and spiritual healing.
 The magnificent head trip that is Inside Out does more than take us inside a young girl's mind. It also restores Pixar's lost magic.
 The Pixar craftsmanship is as brilliant as always, and the emotions that it will bring out in adults, if not the children, are as powerful and as surprising as ever from an animated film.
 You'll laugh, you'll cry, and if you're honest with yourself, you'll look back and realize there are way more plot holes here than in Jurassic World.
 It's actually a pretty heady concept, but it's pulled off in a way that's simultaneously kid-friendly and deep enough to spark discussion among grown-ups.
 What makes the movie so rich and enlightening, even for an adult well acquainted with their own blue periods, is the depiction of emotions not as at war with each other but rather in a constant juggling act to keep their human going.
 Kids will be engaged, but it's the older viewers - people who have lived and felt a little longer than 11-year-olds - who will most appreciate this marvelous, ingenious work of art.
 A near-perfect balance of humour, pathos, adventure and poignant emotion. That makes it great entertainment for children and adults. The film is sophisticated, intelligent and heartfelt -- plus a ton of fun, too.
 Pixar's latest successful blend of fun elements for kids and smarts for adults.
 The year is only half over but the sheer originality and soul in "Inside Out" easily puts it as one of 2015's best films. A definite must-see for the whole family.
 From top to bottom, Inside Out is Pixar's best film since Ratatouille.
 A work of nifty craftsmanship and considerable complexity beneath its unassuming surface.
 Inside Out is undoubtedly [Pixar's] most mature and successful film, and a shoo-in for a Best Original Screenplay come awards season.
 Once again, Pixar delivers a movie aimed at the young ones while delivering a strong message to the adults. 
 Inside Out gets a bit frantic every now and then, but most of the film is sweet, funny and a visual knockout. You don't need to take a child to enjoy it.
 A crackling smart, hallucinogenic adventure in which abstract thoughts ingeniously translate into characters plotting their way through a winding, Alice-in-Wonderlandish landscape of the mind.
 Full of color and optimism, this is an extraordinary take on the human mind. 
 It will certainly make you laugh, cry, seethe, recoil and freeze -- in all the best ways, of course.
 "Inside Out" is uplifting and magical, impeccably crafted and cinematically arresting, emotional and humorous beyond measure.
 Smart, funny, thrilling, imaginative, inspired and exhilarating, Inside Out is everything you want a Pixar movie to be, and more. It's destined to become a new animated classic.
 One of the most magical films of Pete Docter's career.
 It works for adults and children and, in fact, its most receptive audience could well be parents who are trying to figure out their kids.
 "Inside Out" movingly but casually plays with our emotions, like a baby walking her fingers across a parent's face; it leaves you changed, entertained, nostalgic, dazzled.
 The little details play like amusing stand-up at an all-ages, cognitive comedy club.
 The darkest thing Pixar has ever released. Putting that all in an animated movie marketed to children? That takes tremendous nerve on the part of Pixar. But I'm glad they did it.
 It's a two-run double in the corner from a studio that, until recently, had hit nothing but home runs. It's good, often great, but Pixar has shown us that they can do better.
 It's challenging work, but refreshingly so, taking the audience on an original ride through the human experience, stopping periodically to tend to elastic animated business. 
 "Inside Out" is about the passing of childhood ritual, its most bittersweet moments the ones glimpsed in a rear-view mirror, as it reminds the unfaithful: Remember when you loved that? When you lived for this? Until you didn't anymore?
 Uncle Walt knew what he was talking about with "For every smile, a tear." With "Inside Out," the brilliant keepers of his legacy prove that it's not only good for business but also essential for the soul.
 The kind of classic that lingers in the mind after you've seen it, sparking personal associations. And if it's as successful as I suspect it will be, it could shake American studio animation out of the doldrums it's been mired in for years.
 Inside Out is the animation leaders' most ambitiously original project since Up... ranks among their finest, certainly the most intellectually challenging in the way it makes abstracts relatable to anyone, young and old. It thinks, therefore it is.
 The more one marvels at "Inside Out," the more one appreciates Pixar's craft and creativity in raising the bar at what audiences can expect from an animated film.
 'Inside Out' is original and inventive; it may not be a mind-blowing experience, but it is one of the best efforts from Pixar in several years.
 The preoccupation with the sorts of problems that young girls really do encounter makes it brave, as well as beautiful.
 Pixar really swings for the brass ring of seemingly unmarketable concepts with its latest, Inside Out, which throws a couple hundred million dollars at a movie about the life of the mind. Its audacity is entirely matched by its artistry.
 It's hard to believe that anyone will make a film more ambitious and more fully realized this year than "Inside Out." Let the talk of a best picture Oscar win begin now.
 A rare family film for so many reasons: a story with no villain...a wise and wounding depiction of growing up, a story of growth and loss, with real stakes and real consequences.
 "Inside Out" is an absolute delight - funny and charming, fast-moving and full of surprises. It is also a defense of sorrow, an argument for the necessity of melancholy dressed in the bright colors of entertainment.
 Directors Pete Docter ( Monsters, Inc .; Up) and Ronnie del Carmen ( Dug's Special Mission) have created a masterful study of family dynamics. Like the Oscar-winning Up, Inside Out takes great care in weaving complex ideas into a children's tale.
 Inside Out is aimed primarily for children, but it finds an original way to capture the hearts and minds of the adults. 
 Pixar has never made a better animated film.
 Inside Out is a neurological fable; it's a children's story about the soul; it's a bright comedy about our darkest feelings. The miracle isn't merely that it works; the miracle is that it works amazingly well.
 This is heady stuff - a more natural fit for a black-and-white Bergman than a kiddie caper.
 This teeming, tear-duct-draining, exhaustingly inventive, surreal animated comedy is going to be a new pop-culture touchstone. In all kinds of ways it's a mind-opener.
 Inside Out not only evokes that profundity of emotion of Pixar's best films, it does it with emotions capable of examining their own response. 
 "Inside Out" expands the possibilities of animation. It's also a hilarious ride that delights the eye, the mind and the heart.
 It's not just a brilliant idea, but maybe the most conceptually daring movie the Bay Area animation house has ever produced. And that's really saying something, what with WALL-E on the books.
 A touching tale illustrating how a dramatic life change might, temporarily at least, exact a terrible toll on a frail human psyche.
 If growing up partly means learning to live with sadness, Inside Out depicts this truth with all the ingenuity and wit of Pixar's best efforts.
 Pixar's tour of an 11-year-old girl's head is a flat-out masterpiece that proves live action doesn't have dibs on cinematic art. Oh, did I say it was funny? It is, uproariously so, when you're not brushing away a tear. 
 In the course of the whole year, there will probably be no American movie so concerned with looking inside, and so interested in the components of a meaningful life, as "Inside Out."
 The streamlined storytelling... startles for many reasons, but most for the ease with which it executes its improbable premise... and makes it wholly accessible and very, very funny.
 Pixar's streak continues...Imaginative and colorful, it's a literal head-trip about the process of growing up.
 An animated masterpiece that helps us understand, appreciate, and re-frame our emotions.
 Pixar stands alone, and "Inside Out" shows you why.
 It's magical when a film completely subvert our expectations and yet make it feel so obviously right, so inevitable, and so perfectly true to life. ... You won't see many films accomplish this better than Inside Out...
 Perhaps Pixar will never again reach the heights of its remarkable string of masterworks, "Wall.E," "Ratatouille" and "Up." The best of "Inside Out" comes close.
 Only Pixar could turn a metaphor into a heart-tugging story about preteen growing pains. Absolutely brilliant.
 Inside Out is a superlative work of inspired imagination, one that may very well stay in your mind for a very long time.
 Moonlight's beauty is that it shows how the parts of us hidden deep in darkness can still shine brightly.
 As a melancholy character piece about an inarticulate young man who can't quite become himself no matter how many permutations of his image he puts out into the world, this is strong stuff.
 It is tempting to call it a universal story, a timeless story, but this is too comforting, too glib.It is a specific story, of being queer, black and poor in America - still a story that is little told onscreen.
 This is a quiet and powerful film that everyone should try to catch.
 Moonlight is a film that moves you. 
 Moonlight is among the best films of the year.
 The five stories' most striking commonality is placing its characters in conflict with the American ideal of being able to forge one's own destiny.
 Just go see it. You'll be glad you did. As I said to the publicist after the screening when he asked me for my reaction, It's a movie that will stay with me for a long time.
 It's a groundbreaking piece of cinematic film...
 Moonlight may be a quiet, understated gem. But you can expect the buzz surrounding it to become deafening.
 Jenkins' handling of Chiron's sexuality is as quietly oblique as everything else in the film. 
 Moonlight is not just sublime cinema, this is pure art.
 [Moonlight is] a slice of cinematic poetry with a vision all its own.
 Stick with Moonlight for some perspective. You'll absorb something good and emerge more reflective about things you've never thought of before.
 Powerful performances anchor a trilogy featuring a bullied African-American at three stages of his life.
 In Moonlight, Barry Jenkins charts an intimate portrait of the plight of young African-American men and nods to the influence of spirituals in the African-American tradition of the Blues.
 What is remarkable about Moonlight is that Jenkins and playwright Tarell Alvin McCraney have crafted a film which has this place so deep in its bones that it strikes me as impossible to separate any aspect of its form from the context which produced it.
 The beauty in Moonlight is how it manages to preserve black manhood by actively destroying performative masculinity at every turn. 
 Moonlight is a complicated film, though the elements are so gracefully interwoven it never feels burdensome to the viewer.
 The masterful level of craft in the film is obvious.
 A delicate and sensitive masterpiece. [Full review in Portuguese.]
 Moonlight is a pretty good film that has been embarrassingly over-hyped.
 Filled with extraordinary performances, Moonlight explores the tension between private and public selves for a closeted black individual who feels pressure to conform to traditional but arbitrary standards of masculinity. [Blu-ray]
 Jenkins, working with cinematographer James Laxton, makes us feel as if we're right there with Chiron, using handheld cameras that flow sporadically, yet delicately, in and out of scenes.
 It's a classic, Man.
 Moonlight is revelation.
 Moonlight's depiction of conflicted masculinity is built on sophisticated contrasts.
 Chiron's entire life is filled with so much pain and hardship that you can't help but feel an increasing sense of fear and tension that suddenly, things could go completely and tragically wrong. Imagine living with that fear every day of your life.
 Jenkins' skill is in silences, and in his refusal to make people say more than they would -- no grand expository speeches here -- and in the heartache he shows in the faces of the splendid actors.
 The most remarkable thing about Moonlight is how three different actors play Kevin/Chiron, and each version adds resonance to the other two.
 An excellent, poweful and impeccably acted film. 
 Writer-director Barry Jenkins puts the audience inside Chiron's almost constant state of discomfort through the use of silence and close-ups.
 Through each of their performances, and the rich narrative, Jenkins delivers an authentic, necessary statement of black male self-love.
 Moonlight is hard to classify; even harder to describe, in terms of its considerable achievements.
 Cinematic experiences like this don't come around very often, where you bear witness to a vision that feels both completely fresh, and as universal and deeply personal as film-making can get.
 A cinematic symphony of the patterns and rhythms that come with deciding who you're going to be.
 In Moonlight, moments of physical collision are filmed to emphasise their tactility.
 Moonlight is a reminder that cinema can be a profound human experience, a means of understanding experiences one may never face.
 In this hateful political climate our nation is experiencing, we need more personal stories like the one told by filmmaker Barry Jenkins.
 Moonlight looks ravishing, but loses the plot.
 Moonlight represents American independent cinema at its finest.
 Moonlight is a relatively intimate piece. This works to its advantages, certainly, in the final quiet set-piece between Chiron and Andre. It also allows Jenkins to tackle big subjects with care and tact.
 This is a deeply compassionate film that not only does astounding work on the being black, being gay front, but is also about anybody who feels they exist outside the world they've been born into.
 Cinema has been in and around this area time and time again, but Moonlight still feels abundantly fresh and endlessly imaginative.
 [Moonlight] has freshness, imagination and control that are the marks of true accomplishment.
 I defy anyone not to get completely drawn in.
 Jenkins, cinematographer James Laxton and composer Nicholas Britell combine majestically to elevate Chiron's epic to celestial plains.
 A film of rare empathy and shimmering beauty.
 You won't find a more sensitively rendered, evocative, or surprising coming-of-age film than Barry Jenkins's Moonlight.
 Life had been scraping along before Chiron was born, and it will likely keep trudging towards an overdose once he is gone. Moonlight is the story of a lifetime, a worthy Oscar contender.
 Words spoken truly and honestly are hard won in Moonlight, but the film is more than capable of expressing itself in silence.
 Director Barry Jenkins has made known publicly his admiration of Wong Kar-wai, and Moonlight is reminiscent of the Hong Kong auteur's work in both cinematography and feel.
 An intense, emotional film with tenderness in every frame.
 Simple, beautifully made and finely acted ...
 Material that should by rights be harrowing has become, in Jenkins's hands, euphoric. 
 An almost impeccable achievement. Revelatory filmmaking.
 I doubt that I will see a better film than Moonlight this year.
 From the start Moonlight announces itself as something different entirely.
 A film that explores solitude, uncertainty and it's intimate and possesses beauty. The filmmaker relies on sounds and camera locations that allow you to feel what the protagonist experiences. 
 A fascinating portrait of male fragility that knows how to use all the problems that plague its protagonist to offer a portrait as delicate as interesting. 
 An authentic, complex, operatic, boldly expressive meditation on the circularity of time, alongside identity and love in all their forms.
 This is a remarkably good movie about one man trying to find love and his place in the world.
 Moonlight is at its most eloquent when its subtext is soft-spoken.
 A genre-defying film. Its visual splendour belies its tough, surface-level subject matter, while the performances pull us deep below that surface with their soulful naturalism.
 This is a beautifully made, strikingly acted and powerful drama that has something vital to say about black sexual identity in present-day America.
 A story capable of subvert class and of race topics in a clever way with a deep and human portrait that annihilates various prejudices and archetypes along the way. 
 Nothing is forced in this beautiful film. The emotions are describe in an exquisite way, there are no moral judgments and doesn't seek resources to move the viewer. 
 The visuals distracts from the drama, taking away harshness to a hostile and inclement landscape. 
 Sensitive, subtle and heartfelt, Jenkins' genre-buster is a significant work that will knock you out.
 The best film among the Oscar's Best Picture nominees, Moonlight glows like an iridescent animal, tender in touch and sensitive to the complexity of life.
 A story of indefinition. Of a life in constant danger of being shattered, not by the lack of options (although also), but by having to choose between many, and no good. 
 The combination of artistry and emotional directness in this film is overwhelming.
 While the muffled dialogue and slang may stop you from understanding every word, one thing is sure, there is no mistaking the powerful statement this exploration of the Afro American male makes.... The subject matter is tough; the experience is touching
 A poem of light and colour, of faces and the play of physique, of passions revealed by glance or gesture.
 Equal parts poignant and heartening, this is a unique and uniquely told story that deserves to be seen.
 An ocean of eyes
 A radically disheartening film of beautifully disturbing and forceful images that tries to transmit moods and vital drives by strictly audiovisual means. 
 The whole film is resolved in an indefinite, fragile and at the same time indestructible space, in which everything relevant acquires its authentic value. 
 A film that insists on a reflective narrative advance, with no special effects of great spectacularity, providing an alternative vision of that tragic determinism that dictates the life of the African American ghetto inexorably. 
 An essential experience that has the definition of identity as a central theme, which is presented with an elegant and sometimes romantic style. 
 There's possibility in every moment, as you see when Chiron reconnects with the grown Kevin (Andre Holland), and those moments keep accumulating until Moonlight is an unforgettable vision of love and acceptance.
 What it does manage to say -- be it about community, tolerance, gay masculinity or most obviously, the concept of inevitability -- it puts across beautifully and poignantly.
 One of the best films of 2016, that tells us that our humanity emerges when we feel empathy and compassion. When we see each other and learn to forgive ourselves. 
 In Moonlight sex and sexuality are key. However, it's a strangely asexual film. A more like a thesis about desire more than a cinematographic experience. 
 The performances are all very good indeed, and the film's serious, concerned tone suits the subject matter.
 Jenkins gives us a sensitive chronicle of growth, maturation and self-acceptance. A remarkable film. 
 One of the most important and urgent premieres to watch, as it tackles the topics it talks about with integrity, ambiguity and lots of dignity. 
 An intimate and haunting drama.
 A personal/political triptych which offers keen perspectives on masculinity, queer sexuality, racial identity, and the odd angles at which they intersect.
 We've seen movies and television about this sort of man before, and one of Moonlight's strongest assets is the way it refines this character type, subverting the narrative.
 Moonlight may not be a film for everyone, but it's a film everyone should be encouraged to see.
 It's one of those rare films that actually hits you the hardest the moment it finishes, when, all of a sudden, you realise what it is that you've actually been watching.
 A beautiful and noble film (could be seen as a sort of african american version of Boyhood), but far from that less than revolutionary spirit that a lot of american critics and the Hollywood Academy itself exalted. 
 Smaller and more modest than other great productions this story has subtle yet powerful attributes. 
 A well-made, simple and unpretentious film that reflects in a sensitive and profound way around the human condition. 
 A film that, rather than responding to tendencies or needs of genres or easy labels, finds its power in the humane through a viscerality of various nuances that finds a unique eloquence in its cast. 
 Moonlight depicts an American story of which America needs to be reminded.
 Jenkins doesn't just show us the experience of his young protagonist, he bathes us in it.
 It's going to take something spectacular to come along and knock Moonlight off its perch because it may very well be the best movie you'll see this year.
 It's a special feature, rich with character and perspective, and it showcases what Jenkins is capable of, especially with difficult tales of lives lived in a constant state of fear. 
 Coming together with a pace that is deliberate but never sluggish, Moonlight is a beautifully human cinematic experience, and something to behold.
 Moonlight defies more than the movies. It defies the way we identify ourselves as well. If you're looking for shorthand, call it the portrait of a person. Say it's also beautiful to behold, and brilliant.
 The multiple names place Chiron within the historical context of American racism: It's a reminder that he is a resident of a country that stripped his ancestors of their cultural and literal identities.
 A film with a name that radiates delicacy and shines with the simplicity, with a story simple but deep; hard and beautiful at the same time. 
 This is unmissable.
 So much is left unsaid in Moonlight. But nothing is left unfelt.
 In shot after shot the movie puts you vividly in its hero's headspace -- to stunning effect.
 There are too many quality aspects, particularly the performances, to ignore this film, which has stimulated much discussion.
 This remains a story about dignity and, despite everything, beauty, with fine, naturalistic acting throughout and often gorgeous cinematography capturing the stark sunlight (and rich moonlight) of southern Miami.
 Moonlight is a film full of mesmerizing mystery. As it slowly searches through a young man's conflicted heart, it creates a moment-to-moment feeling of discovery. It leaves you with a sense of pure wonder.
 This may be a movie that is keeping it real for most of its time on screen but in the end, Moonlight fair glows with possibility and hope.
 Right down the line, every single actor in the large cast paints a remarkable, unhurried, true-to-life portrait. 
 The societal import of a work of art - in this case Moonlight - is vital to our understanding of it as a whole but should not make a work of art beyond reproach.
 A film that proves to have an extraordinary sensitivity to address the internal drama of its main character, an outstanding identity and solidity. 
 With the precision of a cinematic diamond cutter, filmmaker Barry Jenkins has crafted a great three-chapter chronicle...
 There are several movies' worth of themes to consider in this single, deeply felt drama of elegant, heartbreaking simplicity.
 Despite its melancholy, and at times upsetting subject matter, Moonlight is a film with a genuine, openhearted message: love survives. Surely the hardest of hearts would be moved by this beautiful film.
 The last third of Moonlight is certainly the most invigorating .
 The performances in this film are as powerful as the emotions in the story itself. This is a great story about a man who, despite all the suffering he has been through in life, has somehow maintained his dignity and his humanity.
 Besides being one of the year's best films, Moonlight crowns itself as the most important. 
 Sixteen years in the life of a gay, poor, and bullied black man whose quest for wholeness touches our hearts.
 'Moonlight' is a rarity in cinema. And like all rarities, it deserves to be held close, lovingly examined, and treasured.
 A masterpiece - one of the most incredible films of this year. Or any year.
 Little if any of this covers any real new ground, but there's something about the way Jenkins has assembled & presented it that makes the story, characters, & themes feel fresh. (Full Content Review - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
 Whether you see Moonlight as a perfect movie or not, it's difficult to imagine that you won't be moved by the way Jenkins interprets and reimagines Tarell Alvin McCraney's play.
 The film doesn't offer any kind of soothing balm for our troubled times. What it does offer is a powerful affirmation of its characters' complex humanity.
 Although Barry Jenkins' film is indeed about the struggles and difficulties of a person embracing his culturally reviled sexuality, the story is universal in scope and intent.
 Is a portrait of life written with cut-to-the-bone honesty. That's what makes Moonlight so arresting
 An audacious, emboldening injection into the fabric of the American consciousness, a film that will be remembered as a watershed among followers as the reality of modern film is carved into the walls of important history.
 Exquisitely conceived and beautifully realized, Moonlight is one of 2016's most radiant and must-see films.
 Despite its rough exterior, "Moonlight" is a tender picture, a soft and understanding portrait of isolation, of living in the shadows by denying one's true self.
 There's not a false performance or detail in it.
 The indie drama touches on themes of race, sexuality and isolation in ways that are rarely depicted in cinema.
 There is no justice in the world if Mahershala Ali does not get a best supporting actor nod for Moonlight.
 Though Moonlight employs a stylistic, arthouse approach as opposed to a traditional narrative, it is nonetheless an important one to watch for people of all walks of life.
 relies heavily on quite a few familiar clichés, but mostly transcends them by emphasizing their universality, which makes Moonlight more than a black film or an urban film or a gay film
 Jenkins' ensemble might be the year's finest, with Naomie Harris, as the boy's crack-addicted mother, and likely winner Mahershala Ali, as a kindly drug dealer, of all things, surely to earn Best Supporting Actress and Actor noms, respectively. 
 One of the year's most provocative and sensitive films. And one of the best.
 Black lives matter in the quiet, contemplative Moonlight, but let's not stop there.
 ...has many good moments, with some of the best coming in quiet passages when the camera is still and we can focus on the interactions of the characters. 
 An anguished, achingly affecting, incandescent, coming-of-age story - shattering stereotypes of the LGBTQ community.
 Moonlight is both a disarmingly, at times almost unbearably personal film and an urgent social document, a hard look at American reality and a poem written in light, music and vivid human faces.
 ... practically vibrates with authenticity, a sense of unique place and unsure purpose, gliding like a dream from which one doesn't wish to awaken.
 A life, any life, is a collection of moments - and the beauty of writer-director Barry Jenkins' incandescent drama Moonlight is how he crystallizes three moments in the life of a young African-American man into a film that's so moving and beautiful.
 Moonlight is one of the most poignant, poetic and beautiful movies of the year.
 I'm in love with these characters. I can't stop thinking about them. And I can't wait to see this movie again.
 If you're looking for a moving story, artfully told by a filmmaker on the rise, Moonlight certainly warrants the hype.
 It's the inner more than outer intensity -- the compassion and dignity in Chiron's ongoing identity crisis -- that stays with us at the end of this brilliant, lyrical work.
 The visuals are lush, the performances are lived-in, and the story is lyrical, if painstakingly subdued.
 Luminous and plaintive, Moonlight is emotional virtual reality, transforming a unique human experience into something universal and unforgettable.
 It isn't for black audiences or art-house audiences or liberal audiences or whatever reductive cultural niche people might try to shove it into. Simply, it is one of the most striking films of the year and it is, I believe, for everyone.
 It's somehow hard to define great direction-it's easier to define its absence-but Jenkins is surely a great director. He's got it all and more.
 Moonlight takes the concept of the bildungsroman to its natural end point in ways that many coming-of-age stories don't.
 It's only Jenkins' second feature, but Moonlight feels more like a hard-earned career-capper rather than the career-igniter that it should become.
 A powerful, timely tale of lost youth.
 Gay coming-of-age melodramas are common enough, but this is uncommon on most every level -- extraordinary, one of the best pictures of the year. 
 [Moonlight recalls] works from filmmakers as varied as Richard Linklater, François Truffaut, Fernando Meirelles, Cheryl Dunye and Spike Lee. But, in the end, the director makes this motion picture its own uniquely satisfying enterprise.
 At times, Chiron's life is heartbreaking, but the film ends with a life-affirming, yet understated, message. Moonlight deserves a spot among the most provocative films of the year.
 Jenkins's setups and scenes are remarkably perceptive, and quietly textured.
 It's a coming-of-age tale writ large, yet director Barry Jenkins renders it so small and intimate you almost feel like you're eavesdropping. 
 A unique, brilliantly acted twist on an indie coming-of-age film. 
 The film left me tremendously sad at the near hopelessness of these lives, but also invigorated by the power of Jenkins' storytelling, at once achingly specific and utterly universal.
 This isn't simply Jenkins' sophomore effort -- it's the defining pivot of his career, and one of 2016's most essential pictures.
 A soulful, meditative character study of a character who doesn't even understand himself.
 [Moonlight's] uncanny blend of strong visuals, social issues, sexuality themes and urban life is a potent mix.
 A work of extraordinary empathy about the kind of character we seldom meet at the cinema.
 An intimate tale that will leave you deeply affected [and] one of the best films of 2016.
 Jenkins ... tends to try on different modes, as though looking for ways to drape style around the story's bones.
 Jenkins accomplishes a feat of narrative genius. The three stories of Little, Chiron, and Black, could exist separately as shorts... Still, we see them as one character in different stages.
 It's one of the best things you'll see all year.
 Jenkins lets the scenes play out with organic ease, and cinematographer James Laxton physicalizes the locations with a kind of off-kilter poetry.
 "Moonlight" is a poetic and poignant story of immense and oppressive loneliness.
 Basking in this "Moonlight" is one of the cinematic joys of the year.
 This is a remarkable film in every way.
 A searing coming-of-age tale, one that goes well beyond any genre boundaries to resonate in a universal way.
 Barry Jenkins' Moonlight is a deeply personal, deeply expressive film, unlike anything I've ever seen before.
 Moonlight is a story that needed to be told and is achingly beautiful every step of the way.
 Truly, madly, deeply: There's magic in this Moonlight.
 "Moonlight" is a minor miracle, a movie that mines beauty out of the ugliest situations, and a glimmer of hope from heartbreak.
 Aided by beautiful, stereotype-shattering performances and subtle but rich cinematography, it is something heartfelt, stirring and unforgettable.
 Every piece of Moonlight is staged in service to a humanist question: What would love mean to a boy who's been conditioned to hide?
 In its quietly radical grace, it's a cultural watershed - a work that dismantles all the ways our media view young black men and puts in their place a series of intimate truths.
 A decidedly-dystopic, African-American answer to the relatively-sedate, suburban bildungsroman served up by Boyhood!
 As good as [Hibbert, Sanders and Rhodes] all are, it is Holland who makes the strongest impression, the director's alter ego in guiding this young man towards the light.
 Touching and disturbing, avoiding clichés, shattering stereotypes and succeeding from every angle.
 It's less a story than a collection of moments, which leaves its viewer feeling moved and changed, as if you've spent time in someone else's dreams and woke up understanding who they are.
 It may cast a spell on anyone who has known loneliness, exclusion, feelings of inferiority or a desire to be encased in a hard shell to protect a soft interior.
 If you're patient enough to stick with it, the emotional payoffs are profound.
 "Moonlight" is a film of rare grace - a tender, compassionate, restrained look at a life lived in the shadows.
 If you think art should challenge us, then you will embrace writer-director Barry Jenkins' exquisitely crafted drama Moonlight. It's a true American masterpiece and one of the best films of the decade.
 A deeply personal and visually mesmerizing drama that just might be the year's best movie.
 All it takes is a moment to change your life. One encounter, a tiny handful of friendships, a few life turns, fewer than you might imagine, this way or that. Barry Jenkins' exquisite character study Moonlight understands this.
 Chiron's life experiences have almost all been bad but, in the end, the character is given a glimmer of hope and possible happiness.
 The film soon moves from the familiar to the foreign, becoming a textured exploration of black masculinity and coming-of-age that plumbs beyond clichés and stereotypes.
 Jenkins crafts cinematic poetry that will echo through to his next movie and beyond
 It just needs to be watched and embraced, as an entirely fresh example of the power that great movies can exert on our lives.
 A perfect film, one that exemplifies not only the formal and aesthetic capabilities of a medium at its most visually rich, but a capacity for empathy and compassion ...
 Perhaps other great films will be released between now and the end of the year, but I honestly can't imagine any being as worthy as Moonlight for every top prize.
 "Moonlight" is gorgeous and yet bleak, uplifting and yet sobering, exhilarating but also grounded in some unshakable realities.
 It's so good it may restore your faith in cinema.
 This is a vivid and tremblingly lived-in portrait of young black manhood and sexuality, rendered with genuine power and grace. I've never seen anything quite like it, and most moviegoers probably haven't either.
 Directing, screenwriting, acting, cinematography and music combine superbly in the movie, which is based on a play by Tarell Alvin McCraney and has been compared to Richard Linklater's Boyhood and Charles Burnett's Killer of Sheep.
 Honest and realistic exploration of one man's journey from a neglectful childhood to adulthood and finding his own - highly personal - way in the world. The main character happens to be black and gay. 
 So few unexploitative movies are made about young black men, especially young black gay men, that the overpraise for this frail, sweet, discursive fantasia is understandable -- and forgivable.
 We are continually challenged, yet held close to the heart of the story by its romantic lyricism and, most of all, the spacious humanity of its love for its characters. 
 What's most wondrous about Moonlight is that it's an uncommonly small story that has so much going on. Beautiful filmmaking on every level (Splice Today) 
 Barry Jenkins's excellent Moonlight is a film filled with bittersweet ironies.
 In this film, with minimal plot and dialogue, [Jenkins] brings his camera up close to his characters. Without telling us how to feel, he gives us the space to feel Chiron's inner thoughts.
 This is a wholly special and candidly heartfelt film.
 This is a humane movie, one that's looking to prompt empathy and introspection most of all. On those terms, Moonlight is one of the year's most gripping viewing experiences.
 Barry Jenkins' second feature is basically Boyhood if it had been made about, well, someone else. That doesn't even begin to unpack the layers and resonances in this startling drama
 ...lit with what can only be described as the aching color of compassion.
 ...an intriguing yet erratically-paced character study. 
 Moonlight is incredible -- poetic, haunting, gorgeous, ambitious.
 Cinematic poetry and one of the best films of the year.
 This is a movie set in an on-screen world that feels familiar, the American inner city, in this case one of Miami's toughest neighborhoods. But it meticulously defies the conventions typically associated with movies about that milieu.
 Every year, we get only a few of these, movies that come out of nowhere, that are different, unexpected and wonderfully right. "Moonlight" is that kind of movie, one of the gems of 2016.
 A moviing coming of age story of self discovery that should resonate with audiences and at Oscar time.
 It's a compelling and resonant drama that gets way under the skin and stays there.
 This is a quiet, modestly scaled film -- a character study made by a filmmaker blessed with unusual amounts of curiosity about his characters that demands an equal commitment of patience from its audience -- but the payoff is beautiful.
 Mostly, [Jenkins] keeps you immersed in one young man's moment-by-moment sensations and emotions. That's a lot.
 It's a coming-of-age story that admits no one ever truly comes of age. We make choices and change shapes.
 Jenkins burrows deep into his characters' pain-seared memories, creating ferociously restrained performances and confrontational yet tender images that seem wrenched from his very core.
 It's a touching film that sensitively explores one person's search to find out who he is.
 Hopefully it doesn't take Jenkins another eight years to make a film. But we can take comfort in the very strong likelihood that, even if it does, it will be well worth the wait.
 Moonlight, then, is subtle and evocative, as much a sensory experience as a linear journey.
 Barry Jenkins' character study Moonlight proves to be every bit as luminous, mysterious and elemental as its title.
 He takes a while getting there sometimes, but director Barry Jenkins combines the personal and the political better than almost anyone. 
 Heartbreaking, mature, unforgettable coming-of-age drama. 
 It's possible to appreciate "Moonlight" purely on an intellectual level. But if you happen to be gay - and especially a gay person of color - you will know exactly what a truly monumental achievement this film is.
 "Moonlight" is Miami's first bonafide movie masterpiece. 
 Consider the thin and thick wallops of blue... Blue, blue, electric blue. Lazy blue. Electrified blue. Wash of water. Ice-blue buzz of fluorescence. Azul, azure, lapis lazuli, teal, turquoise, sea, seafoam, sky, cerulean, cobalt...
 Director Barry Jenkins has somehow figured out how to envelop this turbulent story in an atmosphere that's achingly tender and even beautiful.
 "Moonlight" exerts a tidal pull on your heartstrings, but honestly: It's better than that.
 Moonlight provides a candid, achingly melancholic portrait of marginalization in America.
 "Moonlight" is magic.
 Jenkins mounts no soapboxes and brandishes no manifestos in his attempt to illuminate the inner life of this troubled boy turned teenager turned man. Instead he shows us the love that other characters feel for Chiron ...
 There is so much pain in "Moonlight" that it's a little hard to breathe at certain moments. But there are others, of connection and redemption, that positively glow.
 Exhilaration and melancholy are dispensed in equal doses by Moonlight, destined to be one of the better-reviewed films of this year, and for good reason: It's a masterpiece -- an overused word, but not the wrong one.
 By the end, calling "Moonlight" an "important" film seems like an insult. It's even better than that.
 Easily one of the most personal and most powerful films of the year.
 Moonlight is a film so measured, so delicate and powerful, that it proves to be sensitive in ways most movies aren't, even in ways most of life isn't.
 Jenkins' emotionally resonant and ambitious approach to filmmaking allows the picture to outshine its shortcomings.
 Barry Jenkins' game-changer about growing up black, gay and alienated in the Miami projects is both intimate and epic. It gets inside your head, makes you see the world with new eyes- and then it owns you. 
 Moonlight tells a coming-of-age story in passages, each possessed of enough stand-alone power to operate as a wonderful short film, even as the whole proves much greater than the sum of the parts.
 A work of art all its own, thoughtfully made and deeply affecting.
 A question is posed to the main character of Barry Jenkins's wondrous, superbly acted new film, Moonlight: "Who is you, man?"
 An important and affecting piece of LGBT cinema that comes at a time when the world (and especially this nation) needs more stories like it.
 A haunting piece of high art.
 Well-acted with exquisite cinematography and has its fair share of poignant moments, but it falls short of reaching the heights of powerful coming-of-age classics like Boyhood. 
 Deeply affecting, Moonlight is a small, beautifully told story that resonates well beyond the time spent in the theater.
 By the end, you may long for a fourth chapter.
 Floridly shot, richly humanistic drama about a young man coming of age in a rough Miami slum tangles with love, violence, identity, addiction and sexuality.
 Hype would bruise Barry Jenkins's Moonlight, which is so delicate in its touch that the usual superlatives sound unusually shrill. It's the gentlest, most suggestive of great films.
 An elegiac, raw, painful film that explores the strangeness of growing up gay in Miami's black community in the 1980s.
 A remarkable drama about a young black American man wrestling with his sexuality in a society already prejudiced against him because of the colour of his skin.
 What tends to right Moonlight, even when Barry Jenkins's filmmaking drifts into indulgence, is the strength of its actors.
 Moonlight moves for a while in heady bursts, like memories rushing back. 
 It's astutely judged, beautifully humane and, in its final throes, devastatingly romantic.
 Moonlight surprised me. Then it rattled me to my core. And finally, it nestled snuggly inside my heart.
 Moonlight is proof that stories which are more specific and focused on idiosyncrasies and particulars of individuals are often more equipped to effectively engender universal responses.
 An emotional but discrete drama about the acknowledgement of homosexuality in an African american young man. 
 It is thrilling, sensuous stuff.
 Humane and deeply moving.
 Moonlight feels almost as prescient as it is heartbreaking -- which is to say, profoundly.
 "Moonlight" glows.
 With repressed men of all races increasingly finding reason to lash out, Moonlight asks us to put down our arms and open our hearts.
 Acting as urban cinema's "Brokeback Mountain" and "Boyhood," it's as if we got to see "Ennis" and "Mason" grow up in a different culture and era. In this case, it's even more powerful and profound.
 A drama that's as frustrating as it is innovative in its storytelling decisions.
 Under Jenkins' direction, Moonlight is both haunting and poetic, a bittersweet elegy for what could have been. His unflinching camera, which tends to follow the film's characters like a ghost, gives the film a startling immediacy and emotional power.
 This achingly beautiful coming of ager leaves its mark on both heart and soul.
 An astonishing film from Barry Jenkins. One of the best films of recent years.
 A nuclear-fission-strength heartbreaker. It's made up of moments so slight and incidental they're sub-molecular - but they release enough heat and light to swallow whole cities at a stroke.
 Jenkins has an extraordinary eye for ordinary spaces, the contexts within which his characters must define themselves.
 Jordan Peele, a recycled comedian in a screenwriter and director, gets with this film the perfect cruel tale of horror. 
 After playing with our expectations, this turns out to be a very different sort of film.
 [Jordan] Peele has served up the season's sharpest hunk of weird fun. 
 Jordan Peele's Get Out is one of the more intriguing and provocative horror movies to come out of Hollywood in recent years.
 What makes [Get Out] a worthwhile experience is Jordan Peele's skillful genre intervention. 
 Horror movies have bad third acts all the time; the hope is that they have two first acts that are this good, with such an excellent anchor as Daniel Kaluuya.
 Jordan Peele's debut will stand among the cream of the crop as far as 2017 horror films go. It's wildly ambitious, poignant, terrifying, full of laughs, a refreshing take on the genre with subversive tendencies, racially charged, and damn entertaining.
 As a keenly observed portrayal of the African-American experience, it seems every bit as important a film as Moonlight is, even if the Academy will probably never recognise its brilliance.
 Peele uses Get Out to take control of black bodies and give black men in the audience an allegory that they've craved in horror for decades.
 What makes it so efficient is the fact that under all the fantastical elements of its plot resides a horror that's all too real. [Full review in Portuguese.]
 With his over-the-top plot, [Jordan] Peele takes several racial themes to the extreme in Get Out. But what stood out to me the most was his take on white women's role in racism.
 What Jordan Peele has achieved here is a delight. Intelligent, unpretentious, strong, intense and fun. 
 Who would've ever thought Peele would peel away from comedy to write and direct such assured work as he's done here. It's socially relevant bent is clever.
 A brilliant film that gives freshness to the rebirth of independent horror as the new genre of American social satire. 
 All considered, Get Out is the sharpest, most thoughtful, and against all odds, the funniest horror film that Hollywood has churned out in a long old while.
 Get out manages to present an original proposal within the horror genre, but also makes use of social satire when dealing with racial issues without falling into clichés that generates racism as such. 
 Peele is smart enough to skewer all of white America and demand they wake up to the elephant in the room. Hypocrisy seems to be the name of the game. [B+] 
 Regardless of genre or construct, Get Out is a film that demands to be repeatedly seen to spot new clues in the most innocuous spaces, despite the encroaching shadows.
 Get Out...is not a comedy but a psychological thriller that--if anything--delves into satirical territory.
 Kudos to Peele for tackling a painful subject in such a massively entertaining and thoroughly memorable fashion. [Full review in Japanese]
 An electrifying achievement.
 Get Out is perhaps the best terror tale since the mid-2000s served up The Descent and Pan's Labyrinth, two masterworks that, like this one, have much more on tap than just creeping out audiences.
 A surprising story: in essence, a horror story with a mixture of thriller and dark humor tones. 
 I think studios need to take more chances on films like this. Films that try to be different and push boundaries. Get Out is bold and daring and most importantly, unique.
 A major work in which everything oozes talent. 
 Pessimistic, violent and scathing, Jordan Peele's debut film is a faithful reflection of a divided country. 
 Peele plays a risky move using the film genre to establish a very real terror that usually faces hypocrisy. 
 The director makes his debut film and uses elements of his community to make a film with form and background to ensure that "the color black is in fashion." 
 Peele comforts the afflicted ... and he afflicts the rest of us, the comfortable, who often perpetuate racist behaviors and vocabularies even when we have the best intentions.
 A basic but effective film for our times and has given its community an end to aspire. 
 Jordan Peele's directorial debut may not be what fans were expecting from the comedian, but it's a clever and confident genre mashup that expertly blends suspense and humor with biting social commentary on race relations.
 To audiences [outside the US] who may not understand - or care - about the satire, Get Out is still a decent horror film.
 Jordan Peele's film is interesting given the provocation it exerts in a reality where politics haven't found a way to hide the undeniable. 
 Get Out: is a masterfully done horror film that builds its chilling menace slowly and does not reveal itself until it's too late to resist.
 The strenght of the film is in the perfection of the narrative artifact that always seems right in taking each decision, always brilliant, always sour. 
 ... a tricky and successful mix of social satire, modern horror, and savvy commentary on race as experienced by a person of color in a largely white society.
 It's an eminently satisfying film, combining sharp social satire with a horror flick's incremental sense of dread.
 Get Out is an unorthodox horror-thriller that could be game changer for the genre.
 A fresh horror comedy about things that aren't funny; And we don't mean just visiting the in-laws. 
 Get Out is confident and assured and in director Peele, the 21st century has found a new voice in horror.
 Jordan Peele's debut as a feature film writer/director announces him as a major talent with a big, big career ahead. Get Out is fabulous, a film that not only gets better as it goes along, but keeps getting better the more you think about it afterwards. 
 One of the most assured, astute, entertaining and intelligent horror movies to creep out cinemas in years.
 The runaway hit of the year - this is a must-see film. Don't see it alone!
 Smart, entertaining, superbly-acted and shockingly funny, Get Out is a rare film that ticks all the boxes and works on a number of different levels.
 Get Out is one of the great movie experiences of 2017.
 It's Guess Who's Coming to Dinner made over in the spirit of Rosemary's Baby, with accessories inspired by Meet the Fockers.
 It is an ambitious and sometimes uneven affair... When it works though, it really works, and the cast is very fine.
 A daring and original horror film that never leaves the spectacle of its cruel satire of a social reality behind nor the dark portrait of the politically incorrect utopia that wants to reflect. 
 Jordan Peele's Get Out plucks a raw nerve with skill and style. Strange, funny and confronting, it's the horror satire of our age.
 Peele plays the suspense like a maestro wielding a Stradivarius - each tightly wound string used to create a sense of foreboding and anticipation that Hitchcock himself would've been jealous of.
 It's a game-changer.
 Get out and see this rip-snorting thrill-fest and ensure more mid-sized horrors get a cinematic run in Kiwi theatres.
 [Director] Peele, who also scripted, is very good at writing barbed dialogue, and as the film proceeds the audience is likely to feel as uncomfortable as Chris.
 The film has enjoyed huge word-of-mouth success...yet it ultimately seems too frightened to face down the spectres of modern racism that it rouses. As pure genre entertainment, however, it does deliver sufficient bang.
 Approaches a heavy topic issue with seriousness, yet never lets it overweigh the entertaining, engrossing nature of his story.
 Although Get Out is a horror movie laced with hysterical comedy, the most distinguishing facet is how forthright and unflinching its politics is.
 The staging is brilliant, but it's the performances that stand as the pillar of the film. 
 I didn't feel the comedic elements always sat well with the rest of the film but that's a small issue with an otherwise gripping, intelligent and suspense-filled thriller.
 Get Out is definitely great now, and I'm taking a punt that it will be considered great for decades to come.
 It will probably end up being the best horror movie of the year, and easily one of the best of the past five years.
 Towards the end, it all gets a little overwrought. But, on the whole, what a clever, provocative and entertaining film this is in the way it pokes and prods at the emotive issue of race relations while mixing up so many genres.
 By focusing the storyline on a particular form of racism -- the kind that's often disguised as peculiar envy -- Get Out reveals something more insidious.
 Jordan Peele is known for being really good at comedy, and now it turns out he's really good at horror too.
 Peele's background in comedy serves him very well. The jokes are never riffed, nor do they feel less than organic to the plot.
 A marvel of tightly controlled pacing, off-kilter visuals, and rich atmosphere, Peele's film owes a good deal of its exquisite shocks to the claustrophobic terrors of Rosemary's Baby and the manicured dread of Bryan Forbes's The Stepford Wives.
 Get Out is about how we should get out of our own abyss conditioned by familiarity and history, and it's one of the smartest films out there.
 Kaluuya brings a wry intelligence his role as the straight man to the films' many eccentric characters.
 (LA GRANDE BOUFFE PODCAST) With friends like Obama-liberals, none of us need any enemies, much less the likes of the Trump administration and its legion of racist thugs. We may all need to "get out."
 Jordan Peele's semi-parodic horror film Get Out has a complexity worthy of its historical moment.
 Don't be surprised if a knot sets up residence in your stomach as Peele toys with you.
 Well cast and slickly edited... situations are horrific in their banality... who knew teacups could be sinister?
 A film of two halves, then, and though I'm not convinced it all fits together perfectly, the latter part's move into all-out horror is entertaining in itself.
 A ravenous masterpiece tailor made for America's current climate.
 Get Out is one strong, creepy and at times, yes, funny picture which successfully combines horror and comedy with a relevant and message.
 Jordan Peele's Get Out is so clever you could write a thesis on it the length of War and Peace.
 Mostly [Peele] creates a lovely, off-kilter mood, riffing with tremendous visual poise on all sorts of classics, including Seconds, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner and The Stepford Wives.
 In essence Get Out is every microaggression a black man has ever faced -- but supersized.
 Smart, accessible, pin-sharp, and also a more authentic, disturbing genre-tweaking pic about slavery and the antebellum South than Django Unchained. 
 Get Out works the way it does because of its emotional purity. Chris's discomfort is real; Rose's chagrin with the way her family is behaving is real.
 Proof that you don't need stars or special effects to lure an audience. Just a fresh idea and a twisted imagination.
 This scathing satire is the perfect horror film for the post-Obama era, taking a razor-sharp scalpel to white liberal attitudes on race.
 Is it too early to call this a modern genre classic?
 It's an auspicious debut to say the least, with Peele making good on his performance background in sketch comedy to make his points land with a sly wit that makes the horror all the more powerful.
 Beneath the beatific smile of 21st-century liberalism, Get Out finds the still grinning ghoulish skull of age-old servitude and exploitation unveiled during a rollercoaster ride into a very American nightmare.
 A great exercise in sustained tension and menace rooted in social discomfort.
 It lacks the subtlety of Night of the Living Dead, but deftly balances laughs and bloody thrills.
 The most forceful and inventive American horror film since It Follows.
 In a double whammy of satire, Get Out upends all the expected tropes of the horror movie and gives middle-class white liberals a thorough skewering.
 If there were more African-American directors working in Tinseltown, this film's plot would surely be familiar. As it is, it's quite unlike anything else out there.
 The film has more to do with discomfort and envy than blind hatred. What a strange marvel it is.
 Shattering and deep-down bone-chilling. A viciously unsettling nightmare of race and privilege that carves out a much-needed paradigm shift for genre film.
 It's a combination of a knowing issue-based drama, lively romantic comedy and unhinged horror that hits all of its targets with precision. And it keeps us gleefully entertained with its escalating terror.
 An erratic yet ultimately rewarding horror flick...
 It was 6 minutes before I yelped and 15 before I wondered if I'd packed fresh underwear.
 Hate Horror Films? See This One
 To call it the most important movie of the year so far makes it sound possibly rather worthy. That's not true at all. Get Out is a comment on a highly complex situation that's also a total blast.
 Peele succeeds where sometimes even more experienced filmmakers fail: He's made an agile entertainment whose social and cultural observations are woven so tightly into the fabric that you're laughing even as you're thinking, and vice-versa.
 Jordan Peele has proven himself to be a dab hand at mixing horror and satire with his smash hit directorial debut, Get Out. It has the scares, it has the smarts, and it also has a lot to say about racism in the US.
 This isn't some inside joke, it's a universal lesson learnt... even if that lesson is expertly disguised by a brilliantly bizarre and truly bonkers story set in the 'burbs.
 What makes Get Out more than just a slam-bang scarefest is that, in its own darkly satiric way, it is also a movie about racial paranoia that captures the zeitgeist in ways that many more "prestigious" movies don't.
 Making his directorial debut, Peele manages to continually pique our interest, even when we know where the story is heading.
 The combination of Peele's deep understanding of the horror genre and his personal experience means his directorial debut is a sharp and fresh reflection on racial tensions in contemporary America.
 While Peele may be best known for his comedic offerings, this endeavour is far from funny - it's pretty disturbing stuff.
 With strong visual sense and even stronger writing, Peele keeps us off-kilter, approaching the material from odd angles, challenging us to ruminate on racial paranoia.
 "Get Out" succeeds by taking a fairly-standard horror format and invigorating it with a visceral social element. 
 Bursting onto the film scene, Peele's directorial debut of Get Out was an unexpected success that will give future films to be released in 2017 a run for their money. 
 A disturbing, darkly funny, and nightmarish cinematic gem.
 I enjoyed the offering, laughed at the right moments, and actually found myself with sweaty palms as things came to a head toward the end. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sex, etc. - also Available)
 Its box office success is a sign that America 2017 -- a place where #TheResistance is a trending Twitter topic -- desperately needed this distillation of satire, cri de guerre and catharsis.
 It's a brilliantly mischievous, unsettling movie.
 This film is a marvel of ingenuity and inspiration, a horror tale where the most frightening image is the mirror image of the audience realizing they're the ones being so intimately examined.
 After everything is revealed in Get Out you'll want to see it again to watch the pieces fall into place. Nice job, Mr. Peele.
 Witty, trenchant, very topical, sometimes utterly bloodcurdling but always with plenty of polemical points to make.
 A scary, funny and razor sharp social thriller, and the most exciting debut film this year.
 Peele's blistering debut is a timely and powerful satire of modern prejudice as much as it is a taut, gripping exercise in horror cinema.
 An astute, insidiously scathing, cinematic commentary on racial tension in America.
 Nope, not going to ruin the movie. Suffice it to say there is creeping unease, heart-stopping tension, people who are not as they seem to be and a finale that is violent but which will knock your socks off.
 Get Out is an effective, thought-provoking, slow-burn thriller
 Writer/director Jordan Peele's Get Out has a deep lineage that includes films like Night of the Living Dead, The Spook Who Sat by the Door and Bamboozled - it's that good. And... funnier. 
 Get Out is a great movie for people who dislike or dismiss horror expecting "gratuitous" explicit violence and nudity, because of its humor, PG sex scenes, and the analogies drawn to contemporary lived experiences of race relations. 
 There's something almost playful about the way Peele weaves his tale.
 It's a great movie -- one of the best horror films in recent memory, in fact.
 It plays and it creates an effective admixture of comedy and intrigue, and it takes dead aim at the zeitgeist in a way that's sure to garner attention ...
 Peele manages to perfectly balance suspense, humour, and horror while making a hard-hitting political statement about liberal America; a remarkable and timely feat considering the state of the world in 2017.
 First-time director Peele has not only written a brilliant script, but has mastered film grammar, timing, and the blocking of scenes (Splice Today) 
 Believe the hype, and go see it.
 It's because of Kaluuya that Peele's commentary remains intelligible throughout, even as the movie leaps over logical chasms and loads up on hammy supporting performances.
 Jordan Peele makes his directing debut with a horror movie that sticks closely to genre convention even as its ribbing of white liberals hardens into a social point. 
 Like The Stepford Wives before it, Get Out uses a fancifully exaggerated scenario to illustrate real social tensions.
 There's either a bit of genius at play or this is one heck of a lucky first strike
 ... first really interesting film of the new year is an unnerving social satire that uses horror tropes to peel away the hypocrisy of white liberal America .. Peele is obviously a director to watch.
 Precisely because it addresses fears that have been absent from horror movies, Get Out is a future classic.
 While it is too violent for my taste, it does have some clever comic touches and an interesting racial twist on the usual horror genre story. It is kind of like a dark comic cross between '12 Years a Slave' and 'The Man With Two Brains.'
 I laughed, and then I was scared, and then I started laughing again, and then I wanted to run out of the theater but then I stayed, and then I started laughing again, and then I was really, really scared. That's about it. Oh...this movie is awesome.
 This is Guess Who's Coming to Dinner meets Six Flags' Kingda Ka roller coaster after surviving a car wreck while winning the lottery.
 The film wears its influences lightly (The Stepford Wives; the revelation's echo of Being John Malkovich, which starred Keener) even as it camera-tracks the dark side of a supposedly "post-racial" USA.
 ... an allegory of African-American strengths being siphoned for the benefit of white people, disguised as a run-of-the-kill horror flick. 
 Get Out is an incredibly assured debut that totally gets horror. And comedy. And politics. And it's going to be one of the standout hits of the year.
 The sense of dread is palpable throughout, but Peele leavens the fear with a great device in the comedic character of Rod, played by Lil Rey Howery.
 Jordan Peele's Get Out is essentially Dear White People for sadists; it's a therapeutic horror comedy with a shotgun barrel aimed at the racial tension that's echoing through America.
 ...moves from early scenes of social discomfort to a finale full of Grand Guignol violence and gore.
 You may be reminded of other creepy movies like Rosemary's Baby and The Stepford Wives, but this is neither a retread nor a spoof. It's a rare, seamless blend of horror and comedy: a stinging satire cloaked as a thriller.
 It's funny, it's tense, it features two great performances from Kaluuya and Williams and Peele expertly creates a web of odd tension where you actually don't know what is happening for the majority of the run time.
 It provides a few shocks and a few laughs, as it leave us something sinister to think about in our race relations while having a laugh at the expense of the liberal elites.
 It may fizzle in the end, but for 90 solid minutes it scares the hell out of you, taking all the color out of black and white to remind that inside we all bleed red. 
 a bristling thriller that ably mixes its various horror riffs-which include stalk-and-slash tensions, an insidious cult, and medical horror-with both comedy and social satire
 The big joke --and it's one that draws blood-- is that we spend half the movie wondering if something sinister's going on or if these folks just don't have any idea how to behave around brown people.
 What emerges, with nods to the absurdist anxiety of Rosemary's Baby and the existential terror of Michael Haneke is a tightly wound, viciously funny comment on the quotidian horror of life in black America.
 Following Oscar's pomp and self-importance, viewing Jordan Peele's fiercely entertaining thriller offers the perfect awards hangover cure. Audiences leave the theater shaken and stirred.
 Filled with righteous anger, sly wit and genuine creepiness, Get Out is a savvy, stylish and enormously entertaining film.
 In the tradition of the best social thrillers, Get Out takes a topic that is often approached cerebrally -- casual racism -- and turns it into something you feel in your tummy. And it does it with a wicked sense of humor.
 Retro horror and racial tension mix to surprisingly entertaining effect in Get Out, the feature directing debut of US TV comedy multi-hyphenate Jordan Peele.
 Mark my words; it'll be a modern classic.
 Get Out knows how to mine a real social voice from simple scares, and turn a reliable thrill ride into the first truly great film of the Trump era.
 Wait for those moments, scattered throughout the action, when the winces quicken into jolts and jumps; and consider how much is packed into Peele's terrific title.
 Get Out will have you laughing one moment, gasping the next, and cheering the whole way through.
 All this diabolic lunacy, of course, Peele depicts with B-movie relish, delighting gamely in the comic-sinister thrill.
 Jordan Peele's Get Out is fantastic, a horror film that is as relevant as it is scary.
 Peele must have studied the slow-burn horror film, and the way a director like Roman Polanski (or M. Night Shyamalan, for that matter) can unnerve you with the simplest little touches.
 Get Out is a bonkers little film that mixes humor, horror, and satire to comment vividly on racism in America. The genius of Jordan Peele's directorial debut, however, is that you don't need to catch all of the subtext to enjoy it.
 Obama may be out of office, a fool may be in the White House, but leave it to Peele to make a film that plays with the notion that the masters of Get Out's white house might just be crazier than Donald Trump.
 In most slasher flicks, a guy like Chris would die first. Peele's joke is that the cliché has it backwards. Young black men know their lives are in peril from the first frame.
 One of the boldest, most audacious major studio movies to come along in quite some time. From the opening titles to the end credits, Get Out holds you in its grasp.
 For every assured, effective camera placement - Peele takes inspiration from Polanski, Roeg and Kubrick - he also provides a troubling and compassionate look at racism and blackness.
 ... tweaks perceptions and stereotypes, as well as mainstream expectations, in ways that are both funny and unsettling.
 [Writer-director Jordan Peele] has wrapped trenchant commentary on contemporary race relations inside of ... a horror movie.
 Daring, funny and thumpingly suspenseful.
 Cultural appropriation shifts from 'problematic' to 'horrific' in writer-director Jordan Peele's sharp take on the scary world of stuff white people like.
 Get Out has its surface scares, but it's what's lingering beneath that's most frightening: the sense that no matter where you turn, no matter how many people claim they're on your side ... they're out to get you. 
 Peele's film, which mixes horror, comedy, and social commentary with astonishing confidence and skill, takes hold of its provocative ideas and sees them all the way through. At this socio-political moment, it shakes the theater like an earthquake.
 A refined suspense thriller, consummate film critique, savage satire, inspired horror and fierce, profane comedy. It's archetypal, prodigious American moviemaking, smart and sly... a succession of shocking, often thrilling satisfactions. 
 A movie that not only functions as a solid scarefest but a razor-sharp satire.
 Want to put a little gore on your funny bone at the movies this weekend? Then just try to get in to "Get Out," a very clever horror film with enough social satire to start a great debate or three.
 Get Out smartly balances its tones to provide viewers with an entertaining and clever satire that is equal parts funny and terrifying.
 A terrific comedy, but a somewhat muddled thriller.
 While it doesn't offer any answers, it both thrills and makes you think.
 An atmospheric, restrained, effective work of horror with a clear point of view, a darkly hilarious movie that never trips over itself in search of a cheap laugh or scare.
 A horror film for the Age of Trump. Trenchant and subversively funny if not very original.
 Peele delivers without Key. 
 This is ultimately a movie about the very bad things that can happen when we don't address our unease, when we just try to brush it off, whether that's to fit in or to preserve our self-image.
 It's to Peele's credit that he's able to set up certain expectations and then pull the rug out from under us.
 ...plays like an instant classic.
 When the blood starts flowing, along with audience cheering, the battle for hearts and minds is well and truly on.
 Get Out is the satirical horror movie we've been waiting for, a mash-up of Guess Who's Coming to Dinner? and The Stepford Wives that's more fun than either and more illuminating, too.
 Like so much of Key & Peele's comedy, Get Out is refreshing in its naked, frank aggression about confronting racial issues, with comedy, drama, and sharp, unsparing insight.
 The praiseworthy quality of Get Out is that it delivers the goods without copycatting every cookie-cutter horror film being released today.
 Peele's script is smart, original, and timely, addressing the current reality of racism in America in a clever manner and skewering horror movie tropes along the way. 
 Only grows more darkly relevant as the main story gets going, masterfully unfurling all of the real-life anxieties of Existing While Black while simultaneously mining that situation for all its twisted absurdity.
 Do we need a horror movie to explain America to ourselves right now? Get Out's answer is a provocative yes.
 If America's pervasive racial division is ever to be traversed, it will likely be up to humane provocateurs such as Peele to lead the way.
 The scariest thing about the movie is the reminder that it has taken far too long to shine the correct light - literally and figuratively - on stories that should be told.
 Writer-director Jordan Peele has fashioned a smart, scathing commentary ... as a base for his allegory on the horror of race in America.
 One of those rare mainstream films that defies definition. However you choose to label it, Get Out is a wholly engaging, entertaining and particularly relevant film. 
 Get Out isn't a sensitive movie, but it is compassionate, a chiller spun from human experience. Most of all, it's great.
 A weird and delicious surprise, Get Out subverts the tired clichés and freshens up the horror game in all kinds of surprising -- and surprisingly stinging -- ways.
 Get out and see it already.
 The result is something clearly borrowed, incredibly fresh and nearly perfect in light of the current political climate.
 I've been reviewing horror movies professionally since 1988...and I can honestly say that [Get Out] is in my top 10 of all time.
 Hits the bull's-eye dead on... Funny, creepy and thought-provoking at the same time, it's a picture that transcends mere genre pigeonholing to become an outstanding blend of different elements.
 Get Out, a thrilling first feature by Jordan Peele (of the sketch comedy show Key & Peele) is both a racial satire and a horror film, and while it doesn't quite succeed as either one, it ends up being more than the sum of its parts.
 Get Out forces white viewers (particularly liberals) to confront their own racist views while eviscerating those who continue to proclaim "All Lives Matter" as Black and brown bodies pile up at their feet.
 Modest in scale (almost everything happens in one location), Get Out nevertheless signals Peele as a talent worth watching, joining the ranks of filmmakers who cut their teeth in the horror genre.
 Writer/director Jordan Peele's Get Out is a daring and auspicious directorial debut.
 The screenplay is a masterpiece of subversion, laced with race-based fears and notions of stereotype that are played for laughs, but hit home.
 [Jordan] Peele's first feature is strong
 Get Out is flat-out brilliant. Peele shows a rich knowledge of horror, and a sharp edge of humor that makes for a film that's frightening, fun, and impossible to forget.
 Get Out is more a very smart satire with scares, than a full-on horror movie. But if it makes you think while it's making you jump there's much to be said for that.
 Peele has made a movie about the black experience in white America that does not appease or accommodate, that enjoys itself while still speaking to a troubling and pervasive truth.
 Truly, madly, mercilessly entertaining, even when it makes you want to jump out of your skin.
 Get Out finds that sweet spot of laughs, chills, and social commentary. It's so flat-out entertaining, you might not even notice how scathing it really is.
 Peele leavens the message with occasional (and much-needed) explosions of unexpected comedy, but have no illusions: he's dead serious about the story he's telling. The result is a remarkable genre work that stands with the best of them.
 ... layered with racial subtext regarding slavery, master-race ideology and liberal guilt that weaves throughout the movie in unexpected callbacks.
 Peele flips horror conventions on their head, and in doing so, flips our cultural perceptions.
 A memorable horror flick if ever there was one, Get Out starts with a great title and a promising idea -- a black man's fear as he walks at night down a street in an affluent white suburb. Then it delivers on that promise with explosive brilliance.
 Sometimes the best social commentary movies are genre films. More often than not, those are the cleverest at it. Get Out fills that task to a T.
 Part of what makes "Get Out" both exciting and genuinely unsettling is how real life keeps asserting itself, scene after scene.
 The first must-see film of the year. 
 As you waver in its loathsome, slightly surreal but relatable atmosphere, you'll sit adjacent to affectingly casual racism, your composure breaking down, your responses discombobulated.
 It is not only the best horror film since "Under the Skin," but a subversive and often hilarious commentary on race as well.
 Whitford and Keener in particular are having a ball, letting something a little sinister bubble up in their outwardly friendly behavior. But it's Kaluuya who stands out most.
 Jordan Peele's first foray behind the camera as a director is funny, thrilling and often frightening.
 There's so much here that Peele gets right, and he delights in turning familiar thriller tropes on their head: In this racially charged context, he knows exactly how to exploit the sight of an approaching police car for maximum stomach drop.
 "Get Out" works much better in individual moments than it does as a whole. But those individual moments? They're a lot of fun.
 The shocks and the laughs are thoroughly entertaining, but it's the truth of "Get Out" that's so real.
 It may be somewhat rough and unrefined and even ill-considered in some of its particulars. Yet it may stand as a kind of pop culture document of this historical moment, a moment that's not nearly as funny as this movie.
 It's clever stuff. Still, while I admired the conceptual daring of the movie, I confess I was never actually scared.
 Peele draws a draws a subtle, scathing line that connects American imperialism all the way back to its colonial roots, when white men essentially took whatever--and whomever--they wanted.
 [Peele] has created a work that addresses the myriad levels of racism, pays homage to some great horror films, carves out its own creative path, has a distinctive visual style - and is flat-out funny as well.
 It's a successful endeavor, but not overwhelmingly so, with iffy taste and timing of humor disturbing the hypnotic spell it's itching to cast.
 Get Out is an absolutely brilliant and original horror film. Imagine a devilishly twisted update of Guess Who's Coming to Dinner. Get Out is scary, laugh out loud funny, and an inspired satire of interracial relationships. 
 Peele clearly knows his genre formulas, but moreover has a keen sense of how to make them speak to the present.
 Peele has written a script that is extremely well-paced and executed as it cleverly plays with allusions to slavery and racial stereotypes, as well as audience expectations.
 This one really should be seen with a crowd.
 Like many of the best horror movies, it provides a grotesque exaggeration to highlight very real social problems.
 Writer/director Jordan Peele puts a racial spin with a sly twist on his sharp horror film rooted in such classics as "White Zombie," "The Stepford Wives" and "Rosemary's Baby."
 Brace yourself; this is upscale, darkly polished work. Peele takes the fright film beyond a clinical exercise in spookery and into strikingly original territory.
 Throughout, Jordan Peele incisively probes the connection between the racism of the "liberal elite" and good old-fashioned white supremacy.
 It's rare that a movie (especially from a big studio) wrings so much suspense over the degree of obliviousness some white people are displaying in their racism.
 It's a horror movie in which virtually every element works, starting with Kaluuya's subtle performance.
 Jordan Peele makes a tremendous directorial debut with Get Out, a socially-charged thriller that is so much more than "necessary."
 The deliciously sinister nature of the race dynamics will make you cringe, right up until it gives you the chills.
 Get Out, produced by Jason Blum's low-budget horror studio Blumhouse Productions, is serious, even sober in its horror. But its archness has moments of creepy levity.
 All told, this is a sharp, funny, brave movie that strikes the perfect balance between humor and horror. It's the year's first must-see.
 Get Out is an exciting debut from Peele, who deftly combines enticing racial satire with genre thrills to impressive results.
 Jordan Peele has made something scathing, hilarious, and -- as unlikely as this may sound -- totally fresh. I am pleased -- who am I kidding? I'm f----g thrilled -- to announce that Get Out is a legitimately great movie.
 It's rare for a studio horror film to feel this fresh and daring and it's arrived at a frighteningly topical moment for a country where racism is scarier than ever.
 Ultimately Get Out can't help but ask the question: How would all these white people feel if they could walk in a black person's shoes for a day? And that's something worth considering.
 If you're not in the habit of frequenting horror films, this one may be the welcome exception. Get in on Get Out.
 In the same way that The Stepford Wives exploited liberated feminists' fear of male chauvinists' fear of liberated feminists, Get Out finds its tension in black people's fear of white people's fear of black people.
 Get Out manages to walk the tight rope between being laugh-out-loud funny and genuinely scary at times.
 "Get Out" will scare you, make you laugh and perhaps make you uncomfortable. It's supposed to.
 I love this movie. Sure, I had a great time watching it, Jordan Peele's mash up of comic horror and social satire.
 The script is wonderful, briskly paced, and manages to be hilarious and scary at the same time.
 This is a major filmmaking debut that's fully worthy of all the conversation it will start, both around its commentary on race in America and how truly good it is.
 Get Out performs a service that only high-end horror and comedy films (plus some science-fiction) can: present a disturbingly honest, critical analysis of the status quo safely disguised as an entertaining genre work.
 Get Out is best enjoyed by getting to watch the tale unfold without knowing where the plot is going.
 Peele has much to say about society and race with an inventive approach that blends chills with a dash of humor.
 With a playful sense of tone, amazing performances, and a sharp bite, Get Out resonates with you long after you've left the theater.
 It wears its homages on its sleeve, yet it's a true original that itself will be homaged in generations to come...
 This first-class psychological thriller blending a comedy of manners into full-scale mayhem will appeal to both intellectuals and rank-and-file moviegoers.
 Peele's perfectly tuned cast and deft camera work unleash his uproarious humor along with his political fury; with his first film, he's already an American Buñuel.
 Peele is sharply perceptive about how racism is so often diminished even by people who allegedly know better, and it's a conceit that serves Get Out incredibly well.
 A jolt-a-minute horrorshow laced with racial tension and stinging satirical wit. How is one movie all that? See Get Out, from debuting director Jordan Peele (one half of the comic team of Key and Peele), and get woke. 
 The craziest thing about Jordan Peele's "Get Out" is this: Sometimes it's even better as a horror movie than a social critique. 
 It's not just a frightening concept, and it's not just terrifically suspenseful. It turns society on its ear in a way that only the best movies can.
 Prudent, muscular filmmaking, a terrifically creepy thriller with a clear voice and plenty to say.
 Get Out takes racism's more traditional forms - slavery, incarceration, exploitation, blackface - for a new, thoroughly modern appropriative spin.
 "Get Out" is scary enough, but it comes with some bonus nutritional value.
 Jordan Peele takes on racism in Get Out and infuses his horrific tale with his signature satirical wit for an experience that's fearlessly bold, hilarious, and an important reminder that we have so much work left to do when it comes to issues of equality.
 What's most interesting about Get Out is how it taps into the same idea to fuel both its comedy and horror: the recognition of social truths.
 Peele takes the concept behind Guess Who's Coming to Dinner? to its furthest, most genre extreme.
 This is an excellent horror that is gripping, scary, witty and timely, and it's got something to say. Even if you don't think all of it comes off, you will be talking about it.
 Get Out is searing satire, with scary/comic riffs on slavery and assimilation, but it's also a smashing crowd-pleaser of a horror film ...
 Jordan Peele makes an auspicious feature directing debut with this outlandish horror thriller/social satire that transforms topical racial tensions into bracing entertainment.
 Deeply disturbing
 Only a master satirist like Jordan Peele could take audiences on an insane thrill ride and make us all think about racial stereotyping along the way. 
 For his sake, I just hope Peele's real in-laws have a good sense of humor.
 A horror film with the power to put a rascally grin on the face of that great genre subverter John Carpenter ( They Live ), Get Out has more fun playing with half-buried racial tensions than with scaring us to death. 
 ... this engaging-even endearing-superhero movie in its brisk two hours is faster and funnier than both Man of Steel and the would-be opera of what could be called Batman v Superman: The Dawn of Superman's Funeral.
 The gritty nature of the world of DC is worth the price of admission.
 Enough of the pic works, even considering its various issues, to earn a recommendation. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Suggestive Material, etc. - also Available)
 ... the Justice League works in an acceptable manner as that highly anticipated reunion of the great DC heroes... 
 Justice League should be seen as a step forward for the DCEU. The two hours runtime makes it flow better, and the level of entertainment is high enough as to ignore its faults. 
 Full of action and some much needed humor, "Justice League" is an entertaining two-hour roller coaster ride 
 The characters save the film from being a complete and utter disaster, but they alone can't save it from being a mild disaster.
 Justice League is fun, or at least tries to be, succeeding most of the time. 
 Much more epic, entertaining and fun than could have been anticipated. 
 D.C. Comics superhero movies have lagged far behind the success and quality of Marvel superhero movies in recent years. Now, D.C. is catching up in terms of replicating the Marvel formula with 'Wonder Woman' and 'Justice League.'
 When Justice League mocks and kids itself, and the whole genre, it's way more effective than when it reaches for grandiosity and pathos. 
 The patchwork editing of this film matches the patchwork job Warner Bros is trying to do with the DCEU. While the result is a messy and ugly film, it successfully makes this super hero franchise finally fit right with the fans. 
 Although it will not go unpunished for its flaws, Justice League is light years away from the disaster that were Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and the insufferable Suicide Squad. 
 They say that in life there are no second chances, but the jokes, the good chemistry of their lineup and the easter eggs manage to save Justice League. 
 With 'Justice' clocking in at just under two hours, it becomes the shortest offering ever in DC's cinematic universe. That alone scores major points in this little corner of the planet.
 The characterisation is a bit lacking in places, and the Big Bad Guy feels a tad bland, but it finally feels like the DCEU knows where it is going. Good fun.
 Justice League is flawed...but its flaws are outweighed by its superb direction, decent dialogue, and excellent casting, acting, score, visual effects, and editing.
 Most days, "it's not great but at least it's coherent" would be a backhanded compliment; in this instance, it's high praise.
 I did not have a bad time watching "Justice League"... The problem is that it had the potential to be great, epic and exciting. 
 Compared to previous works, the result is that of a correct League, without many surprises. 
 Replace your skeptical lens with 3D glasses, and cheer along with your childhood heroes; Justice League is made for the fans, and if you're one, you'll have a lot of fun.
 Saved by the skin of its teeth and a few nifty edits.
 Even with all its obvious imperfections, "Justice League" is kind of fun once it gets going.
 What unfolds is an adequate answer to Marvel's first Avengers film.
 Justice League lightens up the DCEU, so at least this time, there was some fun to be had. 
 Justice League is just... good enough. Prepare yourself for tonal whiplash as the two directing styles battle it out.
 It's third out of five (films)... a bit of semi-forgettable popcorn-flick fun escapism and the promise of better things to come. You've got a good thing going here, DC... keep smiling - don't blow it.
 Feels very much like a movie made by committee rather than the fully realized version of a sole director. It's fun for what it is but also forgettable. 
 The movie has entertaining elements and enough superhero chemistry to keep the DC wheel spinning toward the next movie.
 Justice League. . . [is] one of those wondrous Zack Snyder extravaganzas that fulfill the aesthetic potential of comic-book graphics and achieves essential cinema kinetics.
 It's not a bad movie, but it is far from super. 
 After the excellent Wonder Woman, DC plays it safe with a very familiar debut mission for their superhero tag team.
 In the end, Justice League is an enjoyable fun, if severely flawed movie that is better than the first three entries in the DCEU, but falls short of Wonder Woman's heights. 
 The action is exciting at times but the outcomes are predictable. Indeed, this often has the feel of a set-up movie, one made to kick off a series.
 Snyder never lets the screen get too crowded at one time, and Justice League manages a nice balance of character and action that should make fans happy.
 The filmisn't perfect, and with so many details and characters-bordering on the edge of clutter-is ripe for nit-picking. But on the whole I had a good time.
 Justice League thankfully leaves the punishing, exhausting darkness of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice behind and goes for a looser, more humorous vibe. 
 All-star superhero adventure is uneven but entertaining. 
 Formulaic, but not an artistic failure. [Full Review in Spanish
 Finally. A D.C. comics movie with a sense of humor. Not even Affleck's boring Batman or Cavill's less than super Superman are able to ruin this one. 
 The first three films in this series favored a gray, grimy look, in which the bright red and blue uniforms looked like they needed a wash. "Justice League" turns up the lights and brings back boldness and brightness. 
 Now, we have a consistent tone throughout of the film, witty dialogue from the characters, a story that makes sense and every member of the Justice League has a distinguishable personality.
 There's certainly more of a sense of humor this time around with these characters and, while the end result is just a notch above so-so, there at least is a ray of hope for DC moving into the future.
 Justice League is first class entertainment. 
 If you're curious about the film but wary because of some Internet hate being spewed at it, don't let your reservations deter you from checking it out.
 'It's better than 'Suicide Squad!' is not the review comic book fans crave.
 Not only does this film pull back the thick funereal drapes and let in a bit of sunshine, it even offers a couple of warming sunsets to illuminate its crusaders in the basking glow of their heroism.
 This efficient blockbuster dutifully serves up frenetic action-packed mayhem with a smattering of wisecracking irreverence but it feels awfully familiar and lacks the goofy fun of the recent Thor: Ragnarok.
 An improvement over the dour idiocy of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and the silliness of Suicide Squad. Incremental maybe, but still, an improvement.
 For better or for worse, Justice League is the sum of all its predecessors' parts; as grand as Man of Steel, as murky as Batman v Superman, as messy as Suicide Squad, and as optimistic as Wonder Woman. 
 Justice League is one of those superhero films that you can't help but cheer on. Those smiles and laughs by these heroes, as it turns out, are as contagious as their frowns.
 It has its moments, but it comes across as an Avengers>/i> wannabe with second-rank superheroes.
 Justice League is not the finest film in the DC Extended Universe - that honour is likely going to belong to Wonder Woman for a while yet - but it's much more in line with an actual movie than the first three outings.
 ... Zack Snyder's film fulfills the task of entertaining an audience, but falls short of the high expectations demanded by a film where Batman, Wonder Woman, Superman, Flash and Aquaman are the protagonists. 
 Tell me. Do you want to see the Justice League assemble and kick some major a**? You will. 
 While the film is wildly uneven, it's entertainment value can't be ignored, featuring some very cool moments for the fanboys to enjoy.
 It isn't nearly as much fun as The Avengers was, but it's not a total loss either, the way Batman vs. Superman was.
 'Justice League' is super-charged fun!
 In its final form, the new DC adventure reflects its challenging production, but it does come closer than some of predecessors to giving its iconic stable of characters justice.
 At least when the heroes do get down to the business of battering bad guys, these shortcomings can be parked. The dust-up in Metropolis between the League and one familiar super-powered adversary is a doozy.
 Proving Wonder Woman wasn't just a happy fluke, Justice League boom tubes onto the playing field to finally challenge Marvel Studios' comic book movie dominance. 
 As formation movies go, this was hugely enjoyable and the ten-year-old me left the cinema looking forward to the next JL escapade.
 Gone is the semi-pornographic depiction of muscles and male angst, and also missing is the grey-on-grey colour scheme.
 While Justice League endeavors to save the world -- and plant the seeds to do so again -- this is the sort of film, given DC's track record, that should celebrate small victories where it can find them.
 If Batman v. Superman was the DC Comics film equivalent of dread and darkness, then Justice League is a look into the light, and it's all the better for its story of hope.
 ...imperfect but another clear step towards the DC Universe taking its rightful place as Marvel's equal.
 They finally got Superman right! It took two previous movies, but they got Superman right, and I'm so happy.
 Even though its main villain is terrible, the heroes are well delineated and the pace keeps the movie entertaining. [Full review in Portuguese.]
 Justice League has just enough good to combat the bad, ultimately squeaking by on the promise that the next time will be even better.
 Justice League is fun, but in some ways a sadly missed opportunity.
 while it offers little new story-wise...and suffers from the same, sludgy CGI battles that marred the end of "Wonder Woman," it's better than the film it picks up from and two of its three new characters are a lot of fun.
 Miller's weird, antiheroic Flash is one of the most refreshing breezes to blow through Justice League, making three years seem a long time to wait for the character's 2020 stand-alone film.
 ... Justice League is enjoyable, smart and interesting, with touches of humour, an almost overwhelmingly high-calibre cast, and plenty going on.
 But most of all, the fun came from the fact that these superheroes actually enjoyed working together and truly wanted to save the world.
 If Justice League had come out in the late '90s, we'd still be hailing it as one of the best superhero films ever made.
 Works best when it's just letting this surrogate family bond over their mutual guilt and fears. 
 It's always engaging, and whatever inconsistencies it has - and it has many - they're all connected through fine character work and a meaningful, unifying theme.
 Justice League adds wit, invention, color and warmth as it goes along, a strategy befitting a story about characters (and a world) waking up from emotional sleep and learning to take risks and care again.
 There's a sense of laying the groundwork, with new characters to be introduced, new attitudes to establish, and a new team to bring to life. On those three counts, the film gets the job done.
 Justice League is a thoroughly enjoyable unification of superheroes that moves at a thrilling pace. 
 The core team is good, with Affleck, Momoa and the newcomer Fisher putting in solid efforts. But... Gadot's portrayal of Wonder Woman -- robust, athletic and kind-hearted -- saves the day and makes Justice League a team worth following.
 The DC machine has finally manufactured a product that actually tastes pretty good, even if still feels like a copy overall. 
 Justice League doesn't break the formula, but it has the cast, spectacle, and characters to be elevated abiding by it.
 Batman and Wonder Woman are the de facto leaders of the team but what Justice League does really well is give moviegoers a chance to get to know the new characters.
 The Justice League is not without fault, but the good outweighs the bad by a mile. The characters form a solid foundation for future greatness.
 It's a putting-the-band-together origins movie, executed with great fun and energy. 
 Overall Justice League is a fun action ride that gives us great introductions to new heroes and solid chemistry within the team. 
 Well they did it, folks. DC made two movies in a row that don't suck. So... good for them. Well done. 
 Seeing these childhood heroes together on the big screen is an unforgettable experience. Flawed, yet highly enjoyable DCEU entry.  
 Justice League is by no means a classic movie, but it does enough to point towards a brighter future for the DCEU.
 The 2-hour runtime mandated by Warner Bros makes the setup feel rushed, but the chemistry of the game cast, the heroic tone, and the exciting action keep Justice League afloat.
 The standout is Momoa as Aquaman. Now THAT is a character I want to see more of, which is ironic since he has been the butt of media jokes for years.
 Justice League delivers on its action, special effects, performance, and story. It's a pleasant surprise to see a film with both Batman and Superman that isn't abominable, horrendous and dreadful.
 Surprisingly enjoyable... visually too dark, and it's hobbled by a villain who's a crashing bore, but it adds a welcome dose of humor to what had been pervasive grimness, and some promising new characters as well. 
 Wonder Woman whips the boys into heroes in this epic and action packed comic book spectacular.
 DC fans might not like hearing this, but Justice League works most effectively when it feels most like Whedon's The Avengers.
 It's up to Wonder Woman again to save the day. And Gadot's Amazon warrior does just that in every scene she steals as the conscience and muscle of the group.
 [Justice League is] an insanely fun time as it absolutely nails these DC heroes, offers up some phenomenal fan service, and promises a ton of hope for the future of the DCEU.
 This time, universe keeper Zack Snyder nearly gets it right.
 Justice League, overall, leaves the impression that we can finally rest easy that future DCEU movies will at least be OK.
 It's teamwork that saves the day, with DC's trademark darkness giving way to a brand of sentimental uplift that Snyder, Whedon and company apparently see as necessary in our own dark times.
 Fast paced & with its eye always on moving the story forward, Justice League balances frequent humor with equally frequent character exchanges & development... [A] two-hour live-action superhero cartoon made for kids as well as adults.
 Gadot, Momoa and Miller give this one rough parity with "The Avengers" movies. 
 It is the key reason Justice League is a seriously satisfying superhero movie, one that, rife with lines like "the stench of your fear is making my soldiers hungry," actually feels like the earnest comic books of our squandered youth.
 It's messy and flawed but it still offers enough entertainment value (mostly thanks to its likable characters) to make it worthwhile.
 After a decade of Marvel dunking on them, DC has given fans a brilliant Wonder Woman movie and a perfectly fine Justice League movie in one year, and that's the first step to a braver and bolder cinematic future.
 Justice League is as solid an outing as any superhero fan could hope, with a clear family vibe: Wonder Woman and Batman prove to be a dynamic mom-and-dad duo while the fastest kid around steals the show.
 While disjointed and more than a little incoherent, gosh darn it all if Justice League doesn't end up proving to be a heck of a lot more fun than it has any right to be.
 These comic-book cinematic universes...train audiences to see the forest for the trees...Enjoy the trees. For the forest is a tad gnarly.
 These off-kilter rhythms actually lend the film a pleasant unpredictability. As does the humor, which often sits uneasily next to the moodiness, but is somehow fast and witty enough to work.
 [An] ideal movie for the whole family. 
 Being prolific isn't a crime, but with Allen, what you often get are retreads dolled up to look brand-new.
 The result is slick, emotional and hugely watchable.
 It is unashamedly sentimental, old-fashioned and bursting to the seams with Important Life Lessons. But it's very well put-together, indeed; a smart, effective and, occasionally, funny film that surprises at every turn.
 It's Roberts who dazzles. Putting her in scenes with a child who picks up on the slightest flicker of insincerity is the kind of challenge she was born for -- it's acting crack.
 It's a little mawkish, but Chbosky, a YA institution himself, has a gift for understanding young people and the nuances of their relationships.
 Chbosky swaddles the film in warmth and unending optimism. He extracts pitch-perfect performances from the cast and dispenses with lachrymose sentiments.
 If in the end the film feels a little too tidy, a little too contrived in the way the plot elements are neatly sewn together, this is perhaps a small price to pay for a film with its heart firmly in the right place.
 Directed with nobility and a brilliant cast, it is a moving film.  
 Stephen Chbosky's Wonder is sharply enough written and performed to overcome its own very schmaltzy premise.
 It sometimes over-plays its hand but, anchored by a terrific Jacob Tremblay, Wonder is a warm persuasive argument for tolerance.
 Wonder is a tearjerker but it is well crafted, intelligent and sincere. Make sure you take a hankie.
 As inspirational as it is heartfelt, Wonder will strike a chord with audiences of all ages.
 Director Stephen Chbosky, who previously adapted The Perks of Being a Wallflower (his own novel) for the screen has fashioned a irresistibly warm, unabashedly humanist family picture.
 You would have to be an utter, utter bastard to give Wonder a bad review.
 I can understand where there is value in showing this film to younger children because the message, albeit sanitized, will resonate.
 Wonder is a family-friendly movie boasting a message of acceptance that both children and adults can, and should, get behind
 Nonetheless, Hollywood rules in the end and it's very much a soft-focus view of a family under stress.
 A real rarity - a family-friendly picture that isn't corny, assumes kids are sophisticated enough to grasp its themes without condescension, and contains an uplifting message that viewers of all ages will be inspired by. 
 Superbly written and brilliantly acted, this is a powerfully moving story about human connection that makes a timely plea for acceptance and empathy.
 OK, the script strong-arms us into surrender here and there, but more often it gently takes an elbow ...
 The movie's pro-tolerance, anti-bullying message is more than a little ham-handed, but it's redeemed by [Stephen] Chbosky's delicate direction and the honest performances he draws from everybody. 
 Sensitive, and funnier than anticipated.
 Tremblay, who made such an impact in 2015's Room as the offspring of a woman and her rapist abductor, gives a very appealing performance as sensitive, precociously bright Auggie.
 The chapter shifts between different characters' perspectives give the narrative unexpected universal nuance, making this more than the syrupy medical weepie it might appear.
 The message is clear. Kids don't want to be mean; they want to be kind. But they need better examples, and they need permission. 
 Wonder isn't without its imperfections, but it definitely stands out from the family-movie crowd.
 ... Wonder lives up to its title in several ways.
 Wilson is very likeable here and Roberts delivers one of her best characterisations in years, but this is all about the kids.
 Chbosky traces a rote story arc but works hard to avoid mawkishness, while Julia Roberts and Owen Wilson dial down their star power to serve the story as Auggie's fretful folks.
 There are points when you will reach out for some tissues but they're peppered with enough laughs along the way to make it well-balanced, extremely relevant and combined with a strong message.
 [Julia Roberts] lifts every one of her scenes in Wonder to near-sublime places.
 ... the journey of a hero that changes the lives of all is reason enough to go to the cinema. 
 In Wonder, the beauty of the relationship between Isabel and Via is the insistence that Via does need her mother-a reminder that we are all hurting, we are all weak, and we all need one another, whether our needs are ordinary or extraordinary.
 Tremblay is astonishing once more in a movie that feels as if it wants to break free of the formulaic but can't quite bring itself to do so.
 Authentic and genuine, focus and attention is paid to every step taken and while there are unavoidable moments of mushiness involved - especially in the movie's overly sentimental ending - Chbosky makes it easy to forgive and forget.
 Wonder's greatest virtue is, precisely, how it hides any feint of cheap sentimentality to which its story lends itself. 
 The visual style of the film is whimsical, perfectly playing into the imaginative mindset of a child while providing some pleasant nostalgia to the adults. 
 An extraordinarily sensitive drama that tutors us in the spiritual practices of wonder and kindness.
 The movie fulfills a need for smart tween/middle grade drama at the multiplex, where it has had little competition this year.
 Wonder is a touching tale of love and friendship, buoyed by strong performances from Jacob Tremblay and the rest of the cast.
 Chbosky plucks his audience's emotional heartstrings with the skill of a violin virtuoso.
 I loved this sweet little film from start to finish and its message of being kind to others. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
 Bullies and frenemies don't get served so much as given quiet moments to confront their own mistakes. 
 Compassionate and compelling, this family drama concludes with the upbeat observation: "You can't blend in when you were born to stand out."
 Wonder is an inspirational film that sends the message that you should choose kindness.
 Director Stephen Chbosky nailed the coming-of-age story in his endearing The Perks of Being a Wallflower. With Wonder, he's gone one better.
 It takes a director with a very fine touch to keep a film like Wonder from turning into the weepy it appears to be.  
 Maybe this little movie about a kid with a facial disorder isn't really about a kid with a facial disorder at all, but about whatever you and I choose to see in it. And if that's not art, I don't know what is.
 Tremblay, the boy from 2015's extraordinary 'Room,' is pretty special behind the prosthetics that really aren't as hard to look at as a politically correct screenplay might suggest.
 Wonder is the very definition of a disease-of-the-week weepie. But it is put together and performed with enough conviction, craft, restraint and intelligence to get it over the line in style.
 Wonder defaults to kindness in a manner that feels both totally inspiring and completely organic.
 Starring a terrific Jacob Tremblay as a bullied boy with facial deformities and Julia Roberts as his mom, this drama based on the R. J. Palacio book that nearly everyone has read and wept over has surprising dimension and delicacy.
 It's not a flawless film, but when you consider what it could have been and how this material might have been handled, the results are truly winning. 
 Wonder is a wonder and a wonderful movie about an ugly duckling turned swan. Beautifully done. Take a hanky. Or two. 
 While the movie's premise feels prone to the maudlin, it's ultimately quite poignant... 
 Sometimes you have to just let go and surrender yourself to the wonder.
 The whole enterprise goes down like a big ol' gulp of Robitussin. It's good for you, but the aftertaste is a tad pungent. 
 The story is inherently emotional, but Chbosky conveys its compassionate message - "be kind" - without manipulation or false sentiment.
 You'll shed a tear or two-especially if you're a parent-and they'll be totally earned.
 Unrecognizable under the prosthetics and the makeup, Jacob Tremblay is indeed wondrous as Auggie.
 The characters are all treated with the respect they deserve and the hard work done to turn them into relatable, understandable people pays off in spades.
 A holiday weeper that earns its tears...for the most part. 
 Miraculously, it refuses syrupy turns of fate, offering a few surprises to go along with earned tearjerker interests.
 Perhaps I've overpraised Wonder, but as a wise man once said, "When given a choice between being right and being kind, choose kind."
 The slogan "choose kind" is not just a tagline; it's a byword for our times and I wish more movies would preach that message. Wonderis a beautiful movie. 
 Ultimately, Wonder is just a sweet film, less about Auggie than it is a portrait of a small group of everyday people with interconnected lives and dreams and struggles. 
 This could have been a schmaltzy tale. Instead, it's a much-needed reminder that kindness exists in this fractured world.
 The message is delivered decrying bullying, but it's delivered heavy-handed.
 Many movies can make you laugh, some can make you smile and a few can make you cry, but Wonder does the amazing trick of making an audience do all three.
 Movies that are largely about illness can be harrowing experiences. "Wonder" moves the genre to a better region.
 Wonder is warm and kind, and young viewers will identify with the charming protagonist who is curious about when people will stop caring about what he looks like outside.
 Wonder does a great job treating the young characters like the full bodied characters kids actually are. They have decisions and judgments to make that are just as important as any adults. 
 "Wonder" could easily be played for tears or easy sentimentality, but Chbosky finds the reality of the situation much more wondrous. You will, too.
 This tearjerker (based on the mega-best-selling book by R.J. Palacio ) is a blazingly humane and shamelessly wish-fulfilling film - the rare kind that will appeal to both kids and adults.
 A sweet and winning feel good family movie that also happens to have a strong message against bullying and lack of kindness toward our fellow human beings. A must for family viewing.
 It's really Tremblay's picture, and even though he's covered in prosthetics, he still delivers a layered, honest performance that, despite the film's flaws, will break your cynical heart by the end.
 It's a film that's going to touch a lot of people in all the right ways with a life-affirming message about looking beyond the obvious differences to see the person behind the mask.
 This is a movie that might look ordinary but is a quiet gem of insight and inspiration.
 ...if you're looking for a movie this season that, for a little while at any rate, will make you feel better about the world, this is the one you need to see. 
 Wonder is a sweet, heartfelt film that makes you feel good about the strong people who stand up to bullying, harassment and stupidity.
 "Wonder" earns every moment and while the result is not earth-shattering, a well-made film with the message "be nice to everyone" feels borderline revolutionary in this day and age.
 [The film] keeps expanding outward in its perspective and its desire to understand the lives of these other characters.
 Wonder levels the social playing field by widening its narrative frame to focus on Jack, Julian, and Miranda, each of whom hurts as much as Auggie and his family. 
 Stephen Chbosky's Wonder, despite its Hallmark Card appearance, is far from the exercise in emotional manipulation some might fear. Even the most pessimistic of us may actually find it charming and genuinely affecting.
 If you don't feel more connected to your fellow man after Wonder, check your pulse.
 All the while, though, Wonder's heart, sentiment, and uncynicism makes it hopeful, upbeat, and impossible not to love. 
 Earnest, emotional book adaptation has strong messages. 
 Mostly it succeeds in telling not one complicated story, but many, and giving the experience of being a confused or lonely or scared youngster the space it deserves.
 It's more than a tad manipulative, but there's also a moral sweetness at the heart of the film that acts as a solid takeaway for kid viewers.
 Stephen Chbosky's movie delivers a fantastic wallop paired with a necessary and well-delivered message about bravery in the face of fear, and the vitality of acceptance.
 A movie that succeeds as a tearjerker, if you can withstand those pushy moments (and there are a few) when it kind of makes you want to hate kindness.
 "Wonder" is a movie that should be shown to young and old as a life lesson in how to deal with people who appear to be different.
 "Wonder" is a family film in the best sense.
 a well-intentioned family film with a good message...but the fairy tale landscape that is Auggie's world gives him a considerable leg up before his story's even started.
 "Wonder" hits a few moments too hard and flirts with corniness at times, but makes something active and compelling from the spectacle of nice people trying to do right, and it's a refreshing thing to see.
 Just in time for the holidays, a sweet cinematic gift. 
 Wonder expertly aims for the heart at every turn.
 [Jacob] Tremblay is fantastic in the role.
 Enjoyable Family Movie
 It is a sweet, inspirational tale that nicely ties up all loose ends by the time of the feel-good finale.
 "Wonder" will make you cry - that's one of the main purposes of its existence - but it'll also drive you a little crazy.
 [An] entertaining and only slightly preachy movie [...] about which it's almost impossible to say a negative word. 
 "Wonder" is that rare thing, a family picture that moves and amuses while never overtly pandering.
 The feel-good film of the year and one that reminds the world to be kind to one another. 
 It's never mawkish or manipulative, and its characters are so well-established both in the writing and in the performances that the movie ultimately does the hard work of earning those damp Kleenexes. 
 Though its upbeat earnestness is ever-present, it has the integrity to understand that not even kindness can eliminate all problems.
 Its lessons in compassion and self-acceptance are treacle-free, and however movie-shiny the story's world of economic comfort and prep school, those lessons pack a universal punch.
 Compassion and empathy are Wonder's heart and soul, and it's a message that isn't forced upon us in a heavy-handed manner, but with subtlety and grace.
 It's a very tasteful heart-tugger - a drama of disarmingly level-headed empathy that glides along with wit, assurance, and grace, and has something touching and resonant to say about the current climate of American bullying.
 Chbosky might yank us through the wringer like we're in a car wash, but it's nice to feel clean for a change.
 Kids may not notice or care, but the movie, which advocates kindness, comes with an irony. It's a film about embracing differences and seeing beyond appearances, but it rarely bucks convention or gets more than skin deep.
 It's probably not a shocker to learn [this] is gonna make you cry. What is a heartrending surprise is how gently it delivers its earnest profundity on the ripple effect of kindness.
 A sweet, delicate, self-aware adaptation that remarkably sidesteps most of the clichés that a film such as this could have easily fallen into.
 You're guaranteed to spend nearly two hours with a lump the size of a nectarine in your throat without resenting it.
 A fun romp that takes us to distant worlds, inhabited by stone monsters, valkyries, gods, giants and Jeff Goldblum, who as everyone knows, is a god himself. - 
 Similar to how Guardians of the Galaxy is James Gunn's baby, Taika Waititi should be given the keys to Asgard and wherever Thor's adventures take him
 Thor: Ragnarok proves that he who does not risk does not win. 
 It's a knowing self-spoof that doesn't take itself too seriously. 
 ... fun and a good time... just ignore all the nameless characters dying horribly in the background and everything will be fine.
 Thor: Ragnarok is Marvel's most fun film and raises the bar as Thor teams up with Hulk to save Asgard.
 Thor: Ragnarok aims for laughs and maximum action-movie enjoyment, and soundly delivers.
 Waititi nails the tone, visuals and action. The MCU's funniest film yet, and the best 'Thor' entry so far.  
 An exciting adventure that is undoubtedly the best trilogy of the blond God of Thunder. 
 We thoroughly enjoy Cate Blanchett vamping it up as an evil villainess, glaring at us through smoky eye makeup and spitting out nasty dialogue. Like I said: Fun.
 Cate Blanchett is Marvel's new goddess and deserves her own franchise. This is the best of the Avengers and Hemsworth's charisma shines throughout, after all, he is the God of Thunder. 
 A goofy movie that feels relatively fresh, and freshness is a valuable commodity in a franchise that's now nine years and 17 movies deep. 
 Thor: Ragnarock is a party and everyone is invited.  
 After a steady decline in quality for the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Thor: Ragnarok suggests the company might have found its niche in how it presents certain characters.
 Taika Waititi, director of last year's funniest movie, now turns a Marvel sequel into a funny film. Despite the massive amount of killing, fighting and destruction in the movie, Waititi's comic touches are very evident, and effective, in this film.
 Audiences seem to be smart enough these days to know a good movie when they see it, and to avoid a bad flick despite Hollywood's best efforts to pull a fast one on them.
 Beyond the movie's financial successes, the film established Hemsworth as a charming, charismatic, funny leading man, capable of carrying out director Taika Waititi's zany vision and, for the first time, making Thor a relevant Avenger. 
 Thor's had a good run, let's get Hela lit.
 Ragnarok is a colorful, campy sendup of the superhero genre, even as its storyline and thematic elements are decidedly morbid.
 The film is never worse than lively and colorful, and until its deflating, routine finale, it never fails to be pleasant to watch.
 Thor: Ragnarok right from the outset establishes a comedic tone new to the Marvel Cinematic Universe and recasts hunky Chris Hemsworth as comic relief.
 An ode to embracing the glorious ridiculousness of caped crusaders... a hammer throwing, fist-smashing good time.
 Waititi doesn't so much inject humor as he gives it his own droll spin, making Thor: Ragnarok one of the funniest of the Marvel movies without seeming to exert much effort in that regard 
 It's the funny and games between the action-sequences that fizzes and pops in what often feels like a sly remix of Flash Gordon and Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome.
 With or without a hammer, Thor's new story moves gracefully. 
 Marvel continues to remind us that being an ethical, self-realized human is more important than being a superhuman.
 Thor Ragnarok gets the comic book vibe bang on. Its cool, its funny and most importantly its the right amount of outrageous. Its one of Marvel's best.
 "Thor: Ragnarok" reimagines Thor as a devilishly dim hero in love with the idea of his own power until a crisis forces him to confront the notion that he's not as strong as he always figured.
 Might leave you 'Thor' from laughter.
 The visually dazzling and refreshingly-witty offbeat installment to the seemingly unstoppable MCU franchise proves to be a third-time charm for the charismatic hammer-loving superhero.
 Fast-paced, irreverent and with a delicious 80s aesthetic, this might be Marvel's most entertaining movie yet.
 Tessa's got the comedic timing to match Taika Waititi's Thor humor, and the physicality to lead the movie's pack of superheroes. She's not trying to outdo the boys; she's just trying to sip her drink and mind her own business. 
 Ragnarok uses quick wit to keep the comedy going, and it works really well, it's just one laugh-out-loud moment to the next, and the comedy never fails.
 It's [its] kind of self-awareness and refusal to take itself too seriously (we're looking at you, DC) that helps Marvel's shtick and comic book movies in general maintain their forward momentum.
 ... not only is it the best comedy from Marvel thus far, but... the most visually attractive film of all those that have been made... 
 Jokes. So many jokes. Attitude. So much attitude. Snark? Bring on the Goldblum! Sexual ambiguity? Yes, oh my. Action scenes? ... Action scenes? Jokes! More jokes! 
 The best silly, superhero THOR movie yet - it's thunderful!
 The Thor franchise gets an exhilarating jolt of energy with Thor: Ragnarok, which is wacky, weird, and wonderful, a singular vision from director Taika Waititi.
 Taika Waititi takes Thor in to such a bold and fun new arena, celebrating everything unique and fantastic about his world...
 The movie has a freewheeling quality that previous Thor entries lacked. Also, Jeff Goldblum gets to go 'full Goldblum.'
 The tone and settings are reminiscent of such watchable '80s clunkers as "Flash Gordon" and "Metalstorm: The Destruction of Jared-Syn," with a little bit of Disney's more recent "Maleficent" thrown in, too.
 This eye-popping spectacle is remarkably dazzling, uproarious and unadulterated fun that exceeds all expectations.
 Sit back and enjoy the roller-coaster ride known as Thor: Ragnarok. Do yourself a favor and see it in a packed theater. If you can't do that, then head right to the couch and pop open your favorite beer and have fun.
 I can't tell why I love THOR: RAGNAROK more: Is it because it heralds the long-awaited global domination of director Taika Waititi, or simply because it's such great fun and truly one of the top Marvel movie entries? Why not both?
 If nothing else, it's among the funniest Marvel films. (And there may indeed be nothing else.)
 Thor still has to get his father's benediction, but Ragnarok makes mass destruction and a superhero's responsibility equal to adventure thrills and eccentric diversions.
 This viewer ... was wowed in fits and starts, but mostly filled with a new, ungrudging respect for Hemsworth.
 This is Asgard by way of The Comedy Store, an approach inspired not so much by previous Avengers-related entries but by Deadpool and Guardians of the Galaxy.
 After the disappointments of 2011's Thor and 2013's Thor: The Dark World, something clearly needed to be done. All Waititi did was deliver Marvel's OMG-iest movie yet.
 Perfectly acceptable as an action movie but inspired as a comedy--which is probably where the Thor franchise should have been aiming from the start.
 The stated goal in the schizophrenic "Thor: Ragnarok" is to liberate the Norse kingdom of Asgard. But what's really going on is the freeing of the Henny Youngman inside Chris Hemsworth. Take my hammer, Please! 
 Marvel is too smart to completely undermine the serious matters at stake for its stable of characters, but confident enough to play with them a bit. Thor Ragnarok has a personality all its own, and I suspect Marvel fans will love every minute.
 Part "Flash Gordon," part "Guardians of the Galaxy" and part Duran Duran video, "Thor: Ragnarok" is basically a blast.
 Buoyed by a visionary director, strong usage of some of the Marvel universe's better characters, beautiful filmmaking, and a healthy amount of humor
 Altogether, Thor: Ragnarok is one of the most unique films of Marvel's now extensive lineup. It may be an unexpected combination, but this blend of star, director and style is a big winner.
 Though "Thor: Ragnarok" may feel like a lightweight entertainment, it comes packed with the same ingredients that made Whedon's "The Avengers" so good.
 It's difficult to hate any movie that allows Blanchett to chew the movie's abundant and not always impressive scenery -- archly, of course.
 Chris Hemsworth releases a comic daredevil spirit comparable to that other dashing Australian swashbuckler, Errol Flynn. 
 Director Taika Waititi has a predilection for comedy that comes through in practically every scene.
 Waititi seems to delight in exploring the interplay between Hemsworth's physical and comic presence. It yields a version of Thor that might annoy some comic book purists (but certainly didn't this one), but it's an undeniable asset for the franchise.
 This leading-man humour is a large part of what makes Thor: Ragnarok just about the funniest superhero movie I have seen.
 Director Taika Waititi's Marvel debut bursts at the seams with creative pleasure that communicates the same sense of fun that was clearly present on set.
 Director Taika Waititi has transformed Chris Hemsworth's buff, brooding superhero into a comedy god in this highly entertaining threequel.
 Thor is a rousing example of how to refresh a comic-book franchise.
 Taika Waititi's highly self-aware Thor: Ragnarok is a fitting response to the pomposity and pretentiousness that mark most movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
 More Fifth Element than Avengers, more John Carpenter than Jon Favreau, Thor: Ragnarok is an often riotously entertaining interplanetary romp.
 Thor comes as a genuine and welcome surprise.
 While the promotional trailers may have given you an inkling of the film's true nature, Thor: Ragnarok is perhaps Marvel Studio's funniest -- and boldest -- feature to date.
 This is the first mega-budget Marvel picture to put its heroes on spaceships and hurl them into a wormhole called the Devil's Anus. Clearance, Clarence.
 ... in the hands of indie director Taika Waititi, who made his bones on the HBO comedy "Flight of the Conchords," this is a Marvel movie as intent on busting our guts for two hours as it is on blowing stuff up.
 It's witty, it's weird and it goes against decades of bloated, overserious comics fare.
 The laughs take center stage, but that isn't to say that the action sequences aren't thrilling. Thor's battles are epic!
 ...the first Thor movie that can take its place in the first ranks of Marvel movies. 
 The world's gone bonkers and we can all use a two-hour break, and Thor: Ragnarok is the perfect distraction. 
 ...about half of a pretty great movie. 
 Cate Blanchett's Hela is hella mean, hella snarky and hella striking with her hair slicked back into antlers. 
 The idea of pairing the oft-dull Thor with a series of oddball companions is an inspired, if necessary, move - so much so that it's baffling it has taken Marvel this long to smarten up.
 Director Taika Waititi delivers a fast paced, quip filled movie that has a rainbow of cotton candy colors and riotous set design work that still left me feeling a bit let down. 
 The film attempts to break new ground within the rigid confines of its genre.
 We can always depend on Hemsworth's style of not taking himself too seriously, and it works well.
 Thor: Ragnarok is the best Thor yet but it is still a Thor Movie.
 Just try to resist Thor: Ragnarok. We double dog dare you.
 Goes all in on self-referential wackiness and an unbridled energy stream of sarcasm to unleash an apocalypse of silly, exciting fun.
 Still, great spectacle, and it is relentlessly . . . . what's the f-word I'm looking for?
 It's fun, it's exciting, it's hilarious --- and then there's Chris Hemsworth.
 There's a plot, which is almost a shame, really, since the more the film gets to indulge in offbeat characters and tangential humor, the better.
 Enjoyable and entertaining from start to finish. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
 Thor: Ragnarok is more fun than a barrel of winged monkeys, but man, do we have questions.
 Thor: Ragnarok might rub some humorless Marvel purists the wrong way, but for the less obsessive among us, it's every bit as silly and mocking as it ought to be.
 The only thing I enjoyed more than the comedy in Thor: Ragnarok was a climactic battle sequence synced perfectly to Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song."
 Of course, you know how this ends, but the script, the cinematography, and the performances make this billionth Marvel entry seem fresh. 
 ... Thor: Ragnarok proves to be so creatively loopy, not to mention so consistently hysterical, I found it hopeless not to enjoy myself while sitting in the theatre watching things play themselves out to their conclusion.
 ... Somehow both irreverent and respectful, and a whole lot of fun.
 Would that every superhero film had so light a touch. Not every job needs a hammer.
 A comedy of outsized figures bashing at one another, punching their frenemies into the next county.
 Fortunately, the charismatic Hemsworth is such good company, you're willing to play along and cruise past the roadblocks.
 Thor: Ragnarok feels like a Taika Waititi movie, and a very good one - in part because however briefly, it takes the god of thunder off the perpetual-motion machine of success.
 Some laughs, twists, surprises and good performances freshen up the familiar plot.
 Sure, it's overly long, but it also features eccentric timing, shaggy humour and some hilarious new characters
 What it lacks in urgency - which is a lot, given that the story involves an extinction-level threat to Asgard and All Who Therein Dwell - it makes up for in alacrity.
 Thor Ragnarok is, without a doubt, the best movie of the god of thunder within the MCU. 
 It is irreverent, even cheeky. It has a sense of humor about itself while never, ever making fun of comic books or their fans.
 Equal parts absurd and surprisingly wonderful.
 Thor: Ragnarok is the third movie in the Thor franchise, but it's the first in the series to give off the "What, me worry?" vibes that make the Guardians of the Galaxy movies worth the price of the admission.
 ... funnier than the usual Marvel product because it's directed by Taika Waititi (What We Do in the Shadows)... 
 The plot is chaotic and the pacing is bizarre (scenes are unusually short and fast). But it's undeniably a riot.
 Most fun since Guardians of the Galaxy. Director Waititi brings the offbeat, weirdo charm of What We Do in the Shadows to Marvel.
 [Has] a comic spin even in the action scenes... in a genre that often seems more intent on pummeling you into submission than giving you a good time, its light, breezy approach is a breath of fresh air.
 The intoxicatingly strange brew - the third "Thor" flick, and fifth Marvel film that the Norse god has appeared in - gets nicely stirred by quirky New Zealand auteur Taika Waititi... 
 While Marvel movies have explored some heavier emotion, Ragnarok is the kind of roller-coaster ride I can get behind. Its exposition isn't too heavy, and it rarely goes more than a few minutes without delivering a thrill, a laugh or both.
 Despite all these big personalities stuffed into a two-hour film, Thor: Ragnarok is an airtight affair that skilfully plays to each actor's strength.
 The whole cast is great. When you have Idris Elba in a relatively minor role of the all-seeing protector Heimdall, you know your ensemble is stacked. 
 The Marvel Fatigue factor continues, to be sure. But hiring Waititi, and letting the right actors lean into the comedy, constitutes not a marvel, but a qualified victory.
 At a fundamental level, Marvel jams enough high-spirited entertainment into the movie to ensure that it's worthy of the price of admission.
 Increasingly, it's obvious that much of the Marvel universe works best when it goes big and silly: Thor: Ragnarok is about as big and silly as a Marvel movie is ever going to get.
 If your goal is to spend a few hours escaping from reality, "Thor: Ragnarok" is definitely for you.
 This is a colorful mashup of Scandinavian myth, interplanetary sci-fi, Old Testament references, and crossover comic book characters.
 Waititi has managed to do something with Thor: Ragnarok managed to do something with the character no director has managed to do yet: make us look forward to seeing him again.
 "Thor: Ragnarok" gives the long-running franchise a fresh bloom of health, fertilizing the comic book roots of the Marvel film universe like a dose of satirical Miracle-Gro.
 By making Thor: Ragnarok as much a comedy as an action movie, Waititi brings some needed lightness to Marvel's storyline.
 Put your brain in neutral and enjoy!
 Visually, Thor: Ragnarok is by far the most Jack Kirby-inspired entry in the MCU films, and thank Odin for it.
 It was only two years ago in Avengers: Age of Ultron that we started to see what a gifted comic actor Hemsworth is, so it makes eminently good sense for this entire movie to be played as a comedy.
 Tessa Thompson's badassery has jumped to new heights as her Valkyrie seems to be Marvel's answer to DC's "Wonder Woman," showing (ONCE AGAIN) that women should be given their own vehicle in the MCU.
 An absolute blast.
 Thor has always been the most laughable of the Avengers, and Waititi's approach means we don't have to pretend to take seriously the insane mythology about outer-space Vikings ruling over nine galactic realms.
 Everything here is a goof.
 Everything from the font used in the titles, to the synth-infused rock opera score by Mark Mothersbaugh, to the gloriously retro set design and visuals clearly inspired by the art of Jack Kirby, there is no Marvel movie quite like it.
 Not since Iron Man 3 has a Marvel movie (mercifully) felt less like a Marvel movie.
 The third film about Marvel's superhero based on the Norse god of thunder shakes things up drastically, taking the series in a more colorful, more fantastic and more comedic direction.
 It's a thrill a minute, which is a lot of thrills for a running time of 130 minutes.
 Thor has always been the most laughable of the Avengers, and Waititi's approach means we don't have to pretend to take seriously the insane mythology about outer space Vikings ruling over nine galactic realms.
 Waititi reaches big, creating a cosmic odyssey that's rich with elaborate costuming, ornate sets, strange creatures, and direct danger, coming close to replicating the magic found in 1980's "Flash Gordon."
 If ever there was a Marvel film to fly the fun flag, this is the one. Had they gone for something darker, it would have been insufferable.
 It has confidence in its characters and in its own invention, and so it avoids repetition and stays fresh.
 It may sound as if the movie is only for 13-year-old boys, or the Marvel faithful, but it isn't.
 'Thor: Ragnarok' is a wild ride, a boisterous amusement-park excursion that will divert you from beginning to end.
 As if trying to out-do Guardians of The Galaxy for wisecracks-per-minute, Thor: Ragnarok oxymoronically takes one of the most dire Norse concepts and turns it into a romp with a barrage of broad jokes and slapstick.
 Waititi creates a fun, relaxed vibe among Thor and his allies, particularly the now more articulate Hulk and the sullen, perpetually drunk Valkyrie.
 As a steady stream of random wit and bawdiness, it's a good time. But as a story ostensibly escalating toward the titular cataclysm - Norse mythology's take on doomsday - "Ragnarok" feels too episodic, a scattered trifle passed off as epic.
 I guess it's technically possible you'll see another movie this year that'll be this much fun, but I doubt it. And even if you do, it won't have Space Goldblum. 
 The resulting superhero jaunt might not be the best movie ever produced by Marvel Studios, but it's unquestionably the most fun.
 Taika Waititi's film is a blast even if it prizes humor above pacing and the previous movies.
 Thor: Ragnarok is the flamboyantly roller-disco entry in an already uncomplicatedly cartoonish side franchise.
 Mark Mothersbaugh (Devo) does a great job with the musical score, which includes a near-perfect placement of Led Zeppelin's 'The Immigrant Song.'
 Less hammer, more humor. Ragnarok gives Thor's comic-book core a fresh, zippy new spin. 
 The God of Thunder removes the giant hammer from his backside and drops his stodgy pretentions in favor of having a good time.
 A rollicking comedy...Waititi revs up this vehicle for a wild ride...
 Mr. Hemsworth looks happier and far more relaxed in "Ragnarok" than he did in the previous Thor vehicles, which is perhaps Mr. Waititi's truest achievement here.
 Good news everyone! That Hulk dick joke we ordered has arrived!
 The film really lets Chris Hemsworth flex his comedy chops...along with his bulging muscles.
 The choice of New Zealand director Taika Waititi has created a lot of excitement for the latest installment, and while it is fun, one cannot help but feel that Marvel television writers..don't bring enough wit to the proceedings.
 The film's ability to make fun of itself is just one of the many things that make it a joy to watch.
 Thompson's character is as endearing as Idris Elba's is forceful. Even when Heimdall isn't on screen, his presence is very much felt as a shepherd of both the plot points and the people inhabiting Asgard. 
 It may have a ways to go before it can stand on equal footing with the best Marvel films, but this was definitely a step in the right direction.
 ... he director has delivered possibly the most entertaining instalment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe yet.
 ... seeing "Thor: Ragnarok" is like riding the world's fastest and tallest roller coaster that keeps looping through a funhouse.
 Marvel does not disappoint its fans. 
 Note to Hollywood: From now on, maybe all of our superhero franchises should be outsourced to New Zealand.
 Enormously entertaining. Witty, funny, delightfully campy, and irreverent. A great time at the movies.
 In short, Taika Waititi graduates with honors in his leap to blockbusters... 
 [Taika Waikiki] is able to exploit the camp or simply tacky tone that has presided over the saga of this most absurd superhero posse.  
 "Thor: Ragnarok" is a blast, pure and simple.
 May be the first Marvel movie to qualify as slaphappy.
 This movie is just so much fun, it's a hilarious superhero romp and nigh impossible to watch without a grin on your face.
 It's one of the most refreshing and satisfying Marvel movies in some time, precisely because its willing to do many things that Marvel hasn't done before.
 One imagines Marvel turning the keys over to director Taika Waititi and saying, "There's a couple hundred million on the kitchen counter, have fun."
 None of us doubted that Cate Blanchett would make a kickass comic-book-movie villain, did we?
 The third [movie] has hit the nail on the head.  
 From Thor and Hulk sitting on a bed talking about their feelings, to Goldblum being his most Goldblum, "Ragnarok" is an enjoyable break from the more "serious" issues explored in the MCU.
 Dumb fun. But the first "Thor" movie to look like they threw serious money at it. 
 A close-but-no-cigar film, but so enjoyable for the most part, and so modest in its aims, that its disappointments aren't devastating.
 A funny space adventure that's weird, wild, and wonderful.
 This departure from reality and the embrace of the artistic expression make the debut of Valkyrie all the sweeter.
 It makes an ageless space god with the nobility of King Arthur and the bodacious abs of a supermodel look like an underdog. Fallibility, not lightning, is his secret weapon.
 Even for a Marvel film, Thor: Ragnarok is a weightless lark, almost to a fault. Waititi has so much fun playing with his toys that, at times, he forgets to offer the proceedings enough import. These are marginal concerns, at the end of the day.
 Just when you thought the MCU was out of surprises, director Taika Waititi and company deliver one of the best superhero movies of the decade.
 It's crazy, colorful, and without a doubt, the funniest and most fun Marvel movie. 
 Thor: Ragnarok may be a better comedy than epic action adventure, but it certainly makes us fall even more in love with the "Cosmic Marvel" universe.
 Its preference for wit over CGI exhibitionism and portentous cod mythologising makes this among the best of Marvel's 17 films, and by an Asgardian country mile the funniest.
 Like the antic entertainer at a children's party, director Taiki Waititi keeps us distracted with sudden noises, bright objects and silly jokes. It's not a bad plan.
 In its own weird little way, Thor: Ragnarok manages to poke fun at the constant churn of myth and entertainment of which the movie itself is a part. It's a candy-colored cage of delights, but it is a cage nevertheless - and it doesn't hide that fact.
 Waititi has not found the answers in making Thor a more exciting character, but he has found ways to go around this flaw and make his film a, sometimes, inspiring affair.
 Even more than the Guardians films, this has the crowded, colourful, double-page-spread look of classic Marvel, with much eye-pleasing detail. 
 Will probably rank highly in the Marvel canon for fans, while even those somewhat worn down by the many entries will find a lot of things to like about it. A great "soft" reboot for the character.
 The film finds absurd comedy by juxtaposing the extraordinary with deliciously prosaic details.
 The most riotously enjoyable Marvel movie yet.
 Full of one-liners, bon mots and pratfalls, "Thor: Ragnarok" is as close as the Marvel Cinematic Universe has gotten to a full-on screwball comedy.
 Ragnarok is unpretentious high-spirited entertainment that feels like a breath of fresh air.
 Breezy, jokey, crammed with clever sci-fi ideas; the funniest MCU flick yet. Director Taika Waititi brings a new geeky verve we didn't realize the series needed.
 These Marvel sagas are insurmountably better than the relentlessly po-faced, self-important, chaotic and cruel DC movies.
 It's very silly, huge fun, and actually, in its vibrant use of colour, truer to its comic- book roots than most superhero movies.
 Clearly, third time is a charm for Thor as Ragnaro is the best film on the Asgardian till date, and another entry from Marvel you simply cannot miss!
 It's no surprise the director of Boy and Hunt for the Wilderpeople could bring out a softer side to the Marvel material.
 That Ragnarok can even be in the conversation for best Marvel Cinematic Universe movie is a major victory for Marvel Studios.
 Thor: Ragnarok is another home run for Marvel.
 Minor quibbles aside, Thor: Ragnarok is an absolute joy.
 A little light to be anything other than pleasingly disposable.
 ... no fanatic will ask for a ticket refund from admissions.  
 Turns down the Shakespearean pretensions, cranks up the humor and delivers what is essentially an action-comedy with swords and capes.
 You could almost argue Thor: Ragnarok is too funny. 
 The film is directed with profligate pizzazz by iconoclastic New Zealander Taika Waititi who seems to hold two fingers up to the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe, even as he caresses it with delicate affection. 
 It's the first Thor movie that will make you want to see more Thor movies, because it's the first Thor movie with an idea of what makes its titular hero worth rooting for.
 Start grouchy and you may hate it. Stick a smile on your face and it will stay there.
 ... a superhero movie that's not afraid to be silly.
 It adds up to a dense, extraordinarily funny and more-or-less non-stop great time.
 Granted, there are probably more monsters and CGI battles and explosions than the movie needs. But director Waititi and star Hemsworth keep this Thor party hopping like it's 1999 and Ragnarok will never come. Good times.
 It's good to see Ruffalo liberated from the more masochistic portrait in Avengers: The Age of Ultron, and with a fresh partner in Tessa Thompson.
 Somewhere near the end of this made-for-the-fans installment, Cate Blanchett states, "To be honest, I was expecting better". I hear you, sister.
 The question is: How's Marvel going to top the Waititi effect?
 God of Thunder fights his villainous sister to defend Asgard in a splashy, joke-filled Marvel outing.
 Shot through with self-deprecating wit, slapstick (and knockabout) humour and all kinds of eccentric characters and elements, Thor: Ragnarok feels fresh, exciting and hugely entertaining.
 ... the movie is fun enough, and Waititi shows enough moxie and goofy wit throughout... 
 Director Taika Waititi and his improbably buffed star Chris Hemsworth have deployed lashings of humour to grease the cogs of yet another wind-up franchise vehicle. And, to their credit, they've done a swell job.
 The film is at its best in the brutish bromance between Thor and the Hulk as they compete for the Valkyrie's affections and the title of the strongest Avenger.
 This is a perfectly balanced film, with great pacing, an engaging plot and impeccable delivery from actors and director alike. The best fun you'll have all week.
 Taika Waititi brings to the Thor table is an ability to match laughs with some genuine heart. The film is different, it is weird, there is a lot going on, but there is also a galactic portion of fun. This could be Marvel's first cult classic.
 Waititi embraces the outlandish possibilities of the Marvel universe through the costumes, torture devices and fiery demons that threaten to demolish civilisation.
 The God of Thunder throws more punchlines than punches in Marvel's latest.
 Full of action, laughs, and spirited fun, Thor: Ragnarok is a fine Marvel movie. But lacking a heaving heart, it's a disappointing Waititi offering.
 It's hammer time again and Thor Ragnarok rocks with laughter put the emphasis on the "comic" in comic book moviemaking. The cast is up to the challenge.
 Thor: Ragnarok is the best installment of the series. 
 I'm normally the first to moan about the awful ubiquity of the superhero genre, but when they get these things right, one has to admit they can be fun.
 Tessa Thompson as Valkyrie is stealing every scene she is in.
 If you're already a fan of Waititi, Ragnarok will be like a warm bath of his particular brand of humour, but if - for some reason - you like your comic book movie homogenous, it might not be for you. But maybe try broadening your horizons, yeah?
 Taken on its own patchwork terms, Thor: Ragnarok is mostly diverting entertainment, though no match for what [Taika] Waititi can achieve on his own with a fraction of the budget.
 Thor: Ragnarok is good-natured, warm and funny and it really feels like Waititi's movie.
 Thor 1.0 grumbled as he saved the world; new Thor 2.0 makes small talk with a skeleton to pass the time. The latter works better. 
 [Taika] Waititi knows exactly what his is doing, when the most grizzled, hard-drinking male figure here is female (Tessa Thompson, giving it her full Han Solo treatment).
 Guardians of the Galaxy may have done it first, but Thor: Ragnarok does it best.
 I can say nothing kinder about Thor: Ragnarok than that it is not "one for the fans". It's for anybody at home to the throb of a sub-woofer and the scent of the herb.
 Funniest Thor movie has tons of style, plenty of violence. 
 Ragnarok entertains without stunning. 
 Taking a character who has become embedded in the popular psyche and doing something slightly twisted with them is a good way of ensuring continuity while thumbing one's nose at the familiarity of contempt.
 Taika Waititi's Thor: Ragnarok is a breath of fresh air in the MCU, but still feels very much like a Marvel movie - for better or worse.
 It's funny, spectacular and wonderfully faithful to its comic-book origins.
 Brighter and brasher than its predecessors, Ragnarok has that age-reversing allure that gives the same kind of high as when you first had your paws on the pages of comics way back when.
 If the Thor films have been a bit 'meh' thus far, by allowing Waititi room to do his genuinely eccentric thing, the 17th film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe might just be its best.
 Thor: Ragnarok is a lot of fun, but its heart belongs to Planet Hulk and not the realm whose existence is at stake.
 ...almost certainly the best time you'll have at the movies this year.
 "Thor: Ragnarok" is the most fun of the Thor movies by a long shot, but it is still very much a Thor movie for better or worse.
 Thor and his friends turn the film into a pool party where everything is pure entertainment. 
 Thor: Ragnarok is an exhilarating, fresh take on the superhero movie, a smashingly good two hours of fun you won't want to take back.
 It is definitely no classic, but an appreciably looser, livelier approach will reinvigorate those beginning to tire of the standard Marvel formula.
 Ragnarok seems more self-aware than even Guardians of the Galaxy.
 Thor: Ragnarok is an awesomely entertaining premier league win for Thor that fizzes with inventive energy. Nine years and 17 movies into the MCU, that's got to be worth some serious flagons of ale.
 Thor: Ragnarok is the wittiest and most straightforwardly enjoyable of Marvel's blockbusters.
 [O]ne of the boldest and most sensuous of the MCU releases... outrageously entertaining, sure to please all ages & turn Thor into a far more popular character with mainstream audiences...
 One thing about Taika Waititi is evident: he is 100% worthy, and the power of Thor is his.
 A whimsical distraction of a movie, and it's worth recommending on that level, but it clearly had the potential to be so much more.
 With its heart powered by Led Zeppelin's Immigrant Song, this is superhero rock 'n' roll with lashings of Waititi-led comedy.
 It just might - might! - be the greatest Marvel movie.
 In a world of portentous blockbusters getting ever darker, it's a joy to see one throwing on the disco lights.
 Thor: Ragnarok plunges headfirst into unbridled comedy and Waititi gives his actors ample room to showcase their natural comedic talents, especially Hemsworth and Blanchett.
 A step forward for 'Thor' but not for the larger universe of which it's part. 
 With the movie going full-bore with both the comedy and the weirder aspects of the Marvel Universe, this is the most tonally coherent and entertaining Thor movie to date.
 If you're looking for a crowd-pleasing outing in the run-up to Christmas, you could do a lot worse than Daddy's Home 2, which sees Mel Gibson and John Lithgow joining the blended family fun for this seasonally themed sequel.
 It's much more entertaining when crassness is abandoned
 Daddy's Home 2 not only lives up to its predecessor but also renews the Christmas movie.  
 As far as family-friendly seasonal puffery goes it's a very well-handled, pleasant goof-a-rama.
 Despite its flaws, Daddy's Home 2 is extremely watchable and family friendly, with the holiday setting sure to awaken your festive side, but it won't deliver a Christmas movie miracle.
 It's no doubt an entertaining premise, it's more the execution here that's in question.
 Mostly, it generates its laughs (and in fairness, there are quite a number) with knockabout visual comedy, which is well executed by a strong cast.
 Ferrell and Wahlberg make an odd kind of comic team, since they rarely seem to be acting on the same level: Ferrell can hardly bring himself to be sincere, while Wahlberg can hardly be anything but. Still, the combination works.
 It is funny and touching, full of characters we can all love a little.
 Ferrell, the comic master of this class, carries the heaviest load in the film, as he should and successfully trots out his bag of tricks, including the pratfalls and inappropriate, neurotic and manic behavior.
 Seen as a pure holiday comedy, Daddy's Home 2 works fine.
 It's fairly harmless as far as these things go, and Gibson, Lithgow and Cena wring a few laughs out of the tired formula. It's not a great comedy, but it says something about how dire the landscape is when "just ok" or "not awful" is good enough.
 I found the sequel better than the original-the writing sharper, the jokes fresher and smarter, the comic interaction between the lead characters consistently engaging.
 There are moments when it's deliriously silly and delightful, and others where it misses the mark. And while at times it feels like too many dads, they eventually all learn to "co-dad," in some kind of harmony.
 After strings of edgier, R-rated fare for both Ferrell and Wahlberg, its nice to see them settle back into the more-or-less family-friendly, PG-13 grooves of this comedic holiday mojo. 
 Daddy's Home 2 is as advertised-that is, a fun family comedy for the holidays.
 ... "Daddy's Home 2" still includes plenty of laughs, most of which come from ridiculous and downright stupid incidents. But that doesn't stop them being enjoyable. 
 Is it a masterpiece? Oh god no, but... I'm intrigued to see where the next film goes...
 It is no surprise to me it is doing a better business at the box office than most experts anticipated.
 Fantasy works best off linear narrative clarity, while many scene transitions whirl like air in the hands of Aang. Yet, Night ignites the separate moments with visual magic worthy of his mythology.
 An exotic 3D battle of the boys blockbuster, teeming with dazzling, exotic imagery. Though a bit on the wet side as drenched seafaring adversaries and awful adult role models kept in line by unruly children, collide. I See Damp People.
 It captivated my imagination.
 The Last Airbender, for all its Shyamalan-style grandiosity, is completely harmless and inoffensive, and at the very least, Shyamalan appears to be having a little fun here.
 Shyamalan has taken what could have been a big, flashy, generic Hollywood production and made it wholly his own.
 Using the backbone of the Nickelodeon series, Shyamalan succeeds in developing a story with a deep mythology -- something he failed to do with Lady in the Water.
 The Last Airbender is one of the most visually luscious and exhilarating entertainments I have seen this year, full of giddy fireworks and kinetic pleasure.
 It's worth putting up with M. Night the writer to enjoy the work of M. Night the director.
 He hasn't mastered the craft yet, but M. Night Shyamalan may be on to something with this action-movie thing.
 It's a perfectly fine, entertaining enough adventure back into the treacherous and fantastical waters. 
 If you've managed to set sale without these Pirates until now, Ronning and Sandberg provide little reason to change your behavior.
 Go on this final voyage. The seas might get a bit rough but the pirates won't rob you off a good time.
 Watch it for its mindblowing imagery.
 As far as movies that shouldn't exist go, it's not actually half-bad.
 Captain Jack Sparrow is back with his special compass directing him to whatever he wants most in life, which after watching Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales should be a better script... but it's still fun and adventurous escapism
 The main problem with this film is that it feels like an unnecessary story since with five films, you can say that we have seen enough about these characters. 
 Just when Disney's sea-faring fantasy franchise seemed all set to founder comes a leaner, cleaner installment that easily qualifies as the best-paced and most enjoyable of the lot. 
 There's a glint of life in this franchise yet.
 The film is an irregular entertainment, but its lack of pretensions and its commitment to the classic adventures of fantastic cut are effective. 
 Has its rocky moments, but its outlandish action-sequences keep it afloat.
 Kaya Scodelario and the wonderful Golshifteh Farahani also feature, as does some mighty CGI. A dead horse flogged, but flogged with gusto.
 Everything about this new installment seems fresh. Johnny Depp shows once more he was born to play Jack Sparrow.
 This is a rare sequel that I would argue is just as good, if not somewhat better the original.
 Dead Men Tell No Tales is flawed, but it's still better than Marshall's film and the weirdness that overpowered and eventually ruined Verbinski's original trilogy.
 For the first time since the franchise starter (...The Curse of the Black Pearl, 2003) one is led to exclaim, 'Entertainment, ahoy!'
 Directors Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg work up a stormy sea-parting finale that is better than anything in The Ten Commandments. Again, the trick to enjoying this film is to expect nothing.
 Marginally fun, but it's time for this protoplasmic franchise to finally give up the ghost. 
 So, um, that's it. Pirates 5 is grand. Better than expected. A serviceable sequel. Will there be another one? Dunno. Depends on how fast Johnny Depp spends his pay cheque.
 As a movie it's disposable. As this year's edition of a favorite ride, it will likely satisfy.
 Dead Men shows life when there are big action scenes. If 30 minutes of jumbled mythology and cheesy writing had been cut, the movie would have had an action beat as driving as the heart-pounding score by Geoff Zanelli.
 Salazar's Revenge is a solid couple of hours escapism and - whilst there might be the law of diminishing returns to some after seeing this - don't bet on Sparrow and Co. sailing off into the sunset just yet.
 Fantastic visuals, an epic ride, never a dull moment in this coldly calculated, smoothly crafted concoction of action, slapstick and mumbo-jumbo magic.
 It's not the best movie of the summer, but I guarantee we're going to see worse.
 Like the Disney theme-park attraction, a gently thrilling ride with lots to look at and an unenthusiastic Johnny Depp making an obligatory appearance as Captain Jack Sparrow.
 This amusing buccaneering adventure, fifth time to sea, isn't ready to walk the plank just yet.
 Jack Sparrow may be a second skin for Depp, but he's delightfully, boozily amusing --- a perfect example of an identifiable character.
 The action set pieces and bravura visual effects are among the franchise's selling points, and at least on this score, [the film] doesn't disappoint one bit.
 A watchable picture, even reminiscent here and there of when the franchise still felt fresh and original.
 The show is brilliant and the screenplay is full of incidents so Johnny Depp recreates himself in his facet of comedian. 
 It often feels like one long chase but the special effects are impressive and the film makes the most of its classy, Oscar-winning cast.
 We had zero hope for the fifth chapter in the waterlogged Pirates of The Caribbean franchise. And we were wrong. This thing is terrific.
 It's hard not to get on board this swashbuckling romp - particularly with Johnny Depp in fine form.
 Ultimately, buckles are swashed in time-honoured fashion in a series where the splendid special effects have done more than their fair share of keeping things afloat.
 Popcorn munchers and franchise fans will find plenty to like.
 The money is on the screen, Captain Jack is still a drunk and Bardem creates another infamous villain. Jack is not gay anymore. 
 'Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales' is indeed see-worthy.
 Fans of the originals will recognize enough connective tissue to make them mindful of the first trilogy, & average viewers will find more than enough to enjoy & make them glad they bought a ticket.
 Nothing in the story really takes precedence over the action, but this is about the ride, which for the most part is enjoyable.
 Well, blow me down - the fifth entry in a listing franchise is the best "Pirates" movie since the first.
 Has any actor ever seemed as comfortable in a role as Johnny Depp channeling Capt. Jack Sparrow? I suppose it's the equivalent of us slapping on saggy sweat pants and a ratty T-shirt for some serious Sunday couch time.
 I found Dead Men Tell No Tales to be passably fun and certainly no harder to watch than any of the better-pedigreed blockbusters this year.
 Dead Men Tell No Tales works mostly as a stand-alone adventure that doesn't require the viewer to be familiar with Pirates canon.
 Better than the last one, but that's not saying much. Time for Jack Sparrow to retire, although Geoffrey Rush occasionally livens things up, and Kaya Scodelario is one to watch. 
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales isn't the best in the franchise, but it's certainly not the worst.
 The best in the series since the original. Manages to capture some of the adventure and magic feel of that first entry. 
 A surprisingly sprightly and enjoyable late entry in the Pirates Of The Caribbean franchise.
 The series remains as big, brash, action-packed and, well, downright silly as ever.
 The whole endeavour skips along at a rate of knots -- however, like too many of its predecessors, Salazar's Revenge runs aground in an overlong and patience-sapping final forty minutes.
 In the end, Dead Men Tell No Tales does what it says on the tin, and that's fine.
 Directors Joachim Ronning and Espen Sandberg do a great job directing a Pirates of the Caribbean movie. They make the sea look majestic as they did in their film Kon-Tiki.
 We have Oscar winners Geoffrey Rush and Javier Bardem hamming it up beneath all the makeup and CGI trickery, and that's a hoot. Bardem's Salazar is a genuinely frightening creation.
 Another jolly roger of a comedic adventure in the Caribbean, Pirates 5 (for shorthand) is as robust as it is helter skelter. 
 They get the tone right -- affectionate. Ask the "Baywatch" boobs how important that is. 
 The most enjoyable sequel so far, thanks to a fresh-off-the-boat directing team and a script that actively strives to recapture the magic of the first film.
 Dead Men Tell No Tales is wildly uneven, but an improvement over the last installment. Johnny Depp goes to the well, but still rules the sea as Captain Jack Sparrow.
 Setting a mercifully brisk pace for the often long winded adventures, the story reaches a safe berth in a little over two hours.
 The most divertingly enjoyable since the first. A professionally crafted brew of action, slapstick and supernatural mumbo-jumbo, it's less likely to spur timepiece glances than did the last few bloated installments.
 With incoming co-directors, fresh faces, surprise cameos and a rollicking script, this fifth instalment sparkles like pirate booty.
 Salazar's Revenge quickly reminds you why we all fell in love with Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow and his drunken exploits in the first place.
 Maybe it's nostalgia or the fact that nautical adventures remain far less common in the multiplex than superhero fare, but the series' central charm is precious cargo whose returns have yet to entirely diminish.
 Five films in, Pirates still leaves you feeling a lot like the Magic Kingdom ride it's so famously inspired by: alternately thrilled, exhausted, and seriously regretting that last funnel cake.
 It's a slight, but enjoyable epilogue to what was once a groundbreaking franchise. 
 Hardly original nor necessary, but a fun and absorbing escapade on the Seven Seas.
 The most important lesson from the new Pirates of the Caribbean? Ghost sharks should have been added a long time ago.
 A mostly fun partial reset, but this series needs to slip its moorings and make for new horizons.
 Little wonder the plot wobbles like Sparrow negotiating a crumbling rooftop, but its transparent purpose helps keep the footing fleet.
 Efron, who reportedly exercised himself down to 5% body fat, plays up the "swimming Bad Boy" character for laughs, though as the film progresses you do begin to feel a little affinity for him. 
 Johnson -- a man so strong he can pluck an endangered beauty from a burning boat with one arm -- is an undeniably charismatic presence.
 The lack of pretension of in this film is evident and that makes the thing work as a summer entertainment. 
 Suffice it to say, too, that there's a lot of delight to be had in the frothy union of the Bay and the Watch, much of it coming from Johnson, who carries the whole of this movie on his epically chiseled lats.
 Crude as hell and full of self-references, this loving parody of the 1990s hit series stars Zac Efron and Dwayne Johnson in a sun-filled party-like lark full of sand, sun, surf and slo-mo...a slick, well-directed diversion.
 Baywatch is a rare movie in one sense: it starts with a good plan, to spoof the 1980s and 90s television series on which it is based, and sticks to it.
 [Baywatch] won't make anyone think about anything, except maybe about where to plan their next vacation where they, too, can run in slo-mo on the sand. But, with everything else going on in the world these days, that may not be such a bad thing.
 I feel duty bound to kick sand in the face of director Seth Gordon. But to be honest, I just don't have it in me. I found myself laughing seven or eight times during his Baywatch spoof.
 It is true that Baywatch probably won't be the best film you see this year, but it wasn't trying to be that in the first place. It's silly, over-the-top, cheesy on a high-cholesterol level, and deliberately so.
 The only thing to say about the Baywatch movie is that it could have been worse. 
 Baywatch's action sequences have plenty of explosive charge. And the underwater scenes are vividly realised. The set-up is also well considered - since it includes moviegoers in the joke with a minimum of winks and nudges.
 Dwayne Johnson, forever miscast in vehicles built to human dimensions, finally has room to stretch.
 Snarky and slyly splashy, it's a raunchy big-screen riff on TV's '90s action-comedy.
 Baywatch is exactly what you expect. At least it's fun.
 Baywatch ain't great, but after such duds as that King Arthur clunker and the latest Jack Sparrow droppings, you could do worse than a day at the beach.
 It turns out to be a lot more entertaining than it has any right to be.
 The idea of lifeguards playing detective is so fundamentally ridiculous that making fun of it never gets old.
 The R rating is a hard R. The very blue humor that makes total fun of the old TV series and its stars makes Baywatch worth bay watching.
 Go into Baywatch with an open mind -- you might even consider leaving your brain in the car -- and you can enjoy watching Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and Zac "The Abs" Efron get wet and be silly.
 Yeah, Baywatch is stupid, and crude, and full of endless amounts of cheesecake, but it's also exactly the kind of movie the summer season is made for. 
 Who'd have thought a flimsy, witless TV series like Baywatch could have spawned this boisterous, cheeky comedy?
 Based on the concept, it's probably impossible to make a truly great Baywatch movie. But the film is a pleasant enough distraction.
 I laughed out loud enough times to recommend this retread.
 When is a comedy not terribly funny yet still recommendable? When said film does not live or die based on its jokes, and everything surrounding them remains easy, breezy and perpetually beguiling.
 Baywatch is about good versus evil. On the beach. In bikinis and Bahama shorts ... It's core values served up like a vodka cooler, and director Seth Gordon understood his role as bartender: Keep it cold, and don't run out.
 This new Baywatch is lightweight, a tiny bit crude and a trillion grains of sand away from anything approaching realism. But it's also a lot of fun.
 A raunchy but good-natured adaptation of the preposterous 1990s television show.
 BAYWATCH is dumb fun. Sure maybe sometimes it is just plain dumb, but there is enough here for fans of hotties in swimsuits for sure.
 If you enjoy the "21 Jump Street" or "Ride Along" franchises, you won't have too bad a time.
 Not only owns its dumbness, but hurtles itself all the way back around through a flurry of genitalia jokes and F-bombs to splash unapologetically in an R-rated surf of winking postmodernism.
 It works for a while, largely due to the comedic talents of its stars and two early rescue set pieces, but as usually happens with these types of films, the superficial plot ends up overtaking the comedy.
 The generous -- radical? -- thing about Hollywood's version of the tush-ogling '90s TV phenomenon is that, pretty quickly, it makes you feel in on the joke.
 Thanks to a solid dosage of weirdness, BAYWATCH is more watchable than you might expect. 
 Brainless, broad, and a little bit crude, Baywatch nevertheless succeeds by putting its tongue firmly in its cheek and charming its way through.
 Bawdy, brawny, spicy, sexy and fun--sun, sand, surf, a little bit of action, a load of laughs and some totally rockin' beach bods.
 Baywatch is less a narrative than a knowing dart board filled with just about every cheap laugh in the book. Some land, and some bounce off with a thud, but there are many attempts for those who don't mind playing in the shallow end of the pool.
 Baywatch won't blow anything out of the water (except for the boat it sets on fire), but it will certainly make a splash.
 Some Rock-related enjoyment to be had, but this is a real misfire, and a missed opportunity.
 The Mummy begins with one main premise: Tom Cruise still has it. It ends with a promise: Tom Cruise will always have it. Assuming you're on board with those statements, you'll have a blast.
 The Mummy is truly a brilliant popcorn blockbuster that is fun and heartfelt and thrilling... 
 The Mummy films starring Brendan Fraser were campy fun. Here, it's another ball game altogether.
 Directed by Alex Kurtzman, this "Mummy" goes darker than the 1999 movie starring Brendan Fraser ... without crossing over into full-on horror.
 The Mummy labors under its formula but there is some genuinely fun stuff in it. 
 Sufficiently entertaining multiplex fodder, proficiently executed on a big scale with some neat signature scenes and enough loud noises to keep you awake.
 The plot has more holes than Ahmanet's wrappings, the tone is all over the place, and the ending is a wreck. This is a terrible movie, yet somehow still kinda fun.
 Not terribly terrible or terribly good, it is a terribly all over the place start to the Dark Universe but the ideas were there, they just needed coherently forming and not throwing together.
 A plane crash scene is viscerally exciting, and sets up the movie's funniest line later on. But it cannot make its mind up whether it wants to be adventure, horror, or camp.
 While The Mummy isn't the big bang preferred to start the Dark Universe of classic monsters, it's a serviceable popcorn flick dangling hints of promising things to come.
 There is something reassuring about seeing Cruise in the rough and tumble of escapist fare.
 A cheesy Tom Cruise rather lets it down, but there's still much to enjoy in this epic from co-producer, co-writer and director Alex Kurtzman, including Sofia Boutella's surprisingly impressive turn as the titular figure.
 It's not terrible, but it's also not a particularly auspicious start to a franchised series with so much riding on its hunched, ghoulish shoulders.
 "The mummy" doesn't show anything new, but entertains. Recommended for special effects lovers and those who want to have a good time on the weekend. 
 The Mummy is a solid start to a new series.
 Splurge on that bucket of soda and giant box of Goobers, but most importantly, enjoy your popcorn with The Mummy.
 When it sticks to thrills and spectacle and, you know, horror, there is unmistakably exciting potential in seeing the first glimpses of Universal's Dark Universe take shape.
 That may sound like faint praise, but Universal's first chapter in its so-called Dark Universe franchise of gods and monsters is off to a fair start.
 You're in for some big, dumb, freaky fun.
 Universal's monster franchise has made it out of the tomb, just about - but if this rebirth is going to sustain itself long term, it's going to need a little more meat under its bandages.
 Despite a few hiccups of self-seriousness, there is a certain goofy tone that gets struck throughout that speaks of promise for the works to come.
 The director, Alex Kurtzman, jolly well keeps things moving, so that even when nothing in the film made much sense, I was reasonably caught up in the ridiculousness.
 It provides the requisite thrills and chills one would expect without much downtime. 
 What struck me as delightful about this Mummy is the moment a portly Russell Crowe, with his voice deepened to Orson Wellesian octave, introduced himself as Dr. Henry Jekyll. 
 Smart, self-aware and fun, this is a vast improvement over the schizophrenic Brendan Fraser features. Indeed, this is an ambitious, world-building undertaking that succeeds in laying a firm foundation for creature features to come.
 While it does take on the franchise burden in hefty doses, the film remains a fun, and funny, B-movie throughout.
 Uneven, but plenty of fun.
 Beyond the splendid visual effects & extravagant locations, the fun lies in watching Tom Cruise in top form, boyish charm intact, carrying the film with energy and charisma.
 The Mummy is overall a fun movie, doing what it says it's going to do: mildly entertain. But in the end, it's just "the meh-my."
 Falls apart at the end, rattling its bones through a series of shockingly violent clashes with Ahmanet. Ultimately, despite her awesome powers, this goddess is reduced to participating in a love triangle with mere mortals. How pedestrian. 
 This is, for the most part, a well-made piece of summer entertainment. It just clobbers the viewer senseless with action.
 It's not ground-breaking, but The Mummy is a breezy summer blockbuster that could be the start of an entertaining series.
 Though the movie gets off to a very sluggish start - and ends with an ever-so-slightly ungainly stumble -- it is for the most part an entertaining, if kind of silly adventure flick.
 I'm not sure that this aimless, lukewarm, but occasionally rollicking take on The Mummy is how the studio dreamed that its Dark Universe would kick off. But it's just good enough to keep you curious about what comes next.
 A tomb full of action-packed guilty pleasure that owns its horror, humor and rampant silliness equally.
 And while there was a lot of action to be found, it's apparent early on that Kurtzman wasn't screwing around when it came to the horror aspects of The Mummy, making this action/horror hybrid a fantastic start to the new Dark Universe.
 ...a surprisingly fun, thrilling, and adventurous film that takes most of its cues from Indiana Jones than the horrors of a bygone era. 
 There are moments where it reaches out for horror and produces something interesting and distinct from Hollywood's other blockbusters, but those moments are buried beneath unremarkable and, by the end, tedious action sequences.
 An entertaining action thriller slick in its filmmaking and pulsating with the charisma of its star talent.
 Action-packed and patently ridiculous, but all in good fun
 An odd but frothily entertaining genre cocktail, which coasts on the charisma of its two biggest names and keeps things just fun enough to forgive its considerable lapses in narrative.
 The Dark Tower keeps you engaged but fails to go beyond offering you some generic escapism.
 The movie seems confused by the mash-up of genres and the rather thick mythology King has laid on. Since it lists four screenwriters, it's now clear nobody got a handle on it.
 The path to Elba and McConaughey's inevitable showdown is slick and fun to watch.
 A fantastic and entertaining film but that doesn't live up to what Stephen King created. 
 The simplification of this adaptation, has played against it, even to the interpreters. 
 The dialogue is dodgy, the emotional impact weak, the story squished. However, the effects are good, there are a few laughs and it will please an audience younger than it should.
 Ninety minute minutes in which things don't stop happening, ranging from horror to supernatural western to dark humor or simple adventure cinema. 
 Yes, it's all a bit much for 90-odd minutes. Yet Elba and McConaughey prove worthy adversaries and there's some niftily-executed ideas ...
 While The Dark Tower may not be the epic blockbuster it was touted as, it is certainly an enjoyable, action-packed fantasy starring two very fine actors.
 A generic, and correct even the unnerving, adventure film. 
 The essence of the story is good versus evil. It is not a novel idea, but it works. There are some good action scenes in it, and the actors are effective. As a popcorn film, it doesn't have to be meaningful, just entertaining, and it is.
 What I came out with is a sci-fi western about good versus evil with lots of shootouts and a lot of slick CGI. In other words, I was entertained.
 The Dark Tower's rich cosmology has been condensed into a palatable, archetypal story of good versus evil with laughably bad dialogue to see us through in a merciful 95 minutes.
 Some rather efficient world-building of an epic universe protected from the forces of darkness by the titular structure with charismatic performances.
 The film immerses the viewer in a fantastic and violent world in which the future of all existing universes depends on a teenager. 
 The best sci-fi Western since Cowboys & Aliens!
 The Dark Tower avoids the lowest rungs of that ladder. Taken on its terms it's hardly a disaster, delivering moments of fun on a basic level.
 Idris Elba as Gunslinger is out to save the world along with this movie adaptation of the Stephen King book series. He is the one strong reason fans should check this out.
 "The Dark Tower" is just interesting enough to be worth checking out and quite frankly was probably too weird to be given the slow roll and turned into an eight-movie franchise. 
 The Dark Tower is a fun fantasy that evokes a 1980s adventure vibe, and feels like a close cousin to the popular Netflix series Stranger Things.
 An appealingly mediocre, enjoyable but largely forgettable movie.
 It's a kind of serviceable fantasy/horror film that may work for the middle school set...
 It's not Stephen King's THE DARK TOWER, but it is a perfectly fine YA adventure. Make of that what you will.
 Stephen King's expansive saga gets ... a 95 minute cheat sheet gussied up as a franchise starter.
 In the vast canon of King-derived movies, "Tower" belongs in the upper ranks.
 The Dark Tower is a quick draw take on a very complex story. It is a moderately successful adaptation.
 The Dark Tower is a mixed bag of abridged mythology from King's book series, fun performances from Elba and McConaughey, and uninspired action.
 Arcel's film is fun, loving, scary, and often as genuinely compelling as it is wildly misguided.
 Although Stephen King fans may be disappointed that so much has had to be left out of the storytelling, they will be visually rewarded -- there are many sly references to other of King's works half-hidden throughout the scenery.
 The second half is better than the first half, but this isn't remotely the sprawling epic that fans arguably deserved. 
 Works more often than not, a muscular yet appreciatively unshowy conjuring of spectacle, action, and crucial character beats all playing out on a multi-plane tableau melding reality with sinister fancy.
 A mostly entertaining piece of fantasy pulp that is a victim of trying to do too much and too little at the same time.
 It's a highly competent and watchable paranoid metaphysical video game that doesn't overstay its welcome, includes some luridly entertaining visual effects, and -- it has to be said -- summons an emotional impact of close to zero.
 Idris Elba and Tom Taylor have a wonderful dynamic together, and the gunslinging action scenes are appropriately cool. But it all feels strangely... conventional, somehow.
 It's a visual spectacle of action and fantasy that leaves the audience wanting more.
 When it comes to Transformers: The Last Knight, dare I use the phrase, there is "more than meets the eye."
 Why strip things down when you can just add more?!
 As immensely popular as the Transformer films are, the time is yet to come when they will no longer be seen as multiplex fodder but be acknowledged as the breathlessly entertaining masterpieces of pop art that they are.
 Amazingly, it all works, with Wahlberg bringing his laid-back presence and watchability, the excellent Haddock providing wit as well as beauty, and Hopkins raising his familiar game sufficiently to provide as much gravitas as humour.
 The film is only capable of disappointing when it doesn't try to add edges and new images to its own universe. 
 There are reasons enough to look and listen as the Bayhem unfolds.
 Bay's last hoorah is the sci fi equivalent of an all-you-can-eat banquet dinner. The flavours sometimes clash, but there's no doubting its value for money.
 Regardless of our opinions, we all know what a Michael Bay film is. This one's his most Baysome.
 The Last Knight isn't what we wanted it to be, but by god, is it what we expected it to be!
 This is the strange appeal of Bay's work. It's terrible, but it is undeniably his terrible, the hyper-realization of a 13-year-old boy's fever dream given life through an enormous budget and a grown man's enterprise. 
 Transformers: The Last Knight is ... kind of entertaining? In the way I assume riding a roller coaster while on meth is probably kind of entertaining?
 Once again, the Transformer series verges on absurdity but that's less important than the unique big-screen spectacle of Bay's pop-art and futurist filmmaking.
 The Last Knight is epic in length and filled with enough car chases, gunplay and carnage to please die-hard fans and exhaust everyone else.
 Somehow, maybe because my standards fall even faster than my expectations, The Last Knight actually kind of delivers.
 Transformers: The Last Knight is a towering special effects achievement with a befuddling plot. Fans of the 1986 animated film will be on board for this ride.
 [A]t the end of the day it just wants to give you a couple of hours of pure escapism full of exciting action, cool visual effects, a bunch of corny jokes, and leave you feeling like you just stepped off a roller coaster.
 It may not be an easy watch, but the awesome visual benefits will keep you in your seat.
 One of this franchise's strengths is that it manages to balance high-stakes action and explosions with gusts of humor. The rescue of Earth and mankind comes with jokes and treats for all audiences to enjoy.
 The film is, of course, aimed squarely at 13-year-old boys, and with that in mind, it fills its purpose.
 It's an all-out war between planets as Michael Bay says farewell to the Transformers franchise with some of the best sustained filmmaking of his career.
 In trying to connect all five films while moving forward, The Last Knight is all over the place but every place it goes is worth visiting. 
 The whole movie is a weird, unsettling mix of juvenile storytelling and military fetishism, but it never fails to entertain, even if for the wrong reasons.
 Those looking for some bang for their buck would be hard-pressed to do better, as Bay offers more bangs, bells, whistles and bonkers moments than any filmmaker working today. 
 If for some reason the drawn-out and incoherent battle scenes are what you liked about the earlier films, the climactic one here is still both of those things. The movie is shorter than the last one, though, and considerably more bearable.
 Ultimately this is, as always, all about the Transformers, and fans won't be disappointed.
 The Last Knight leaves behind recent large-scale failures like they were standing still, gasping in its dust, while it pops a wheelie and its horn plays a dubstep remix of "La Cucuracha".
 The kind of dramatic structure James Cameron used in his masterful Terminator films is an unknown language to Bay. But he knows how to rev, whir, snap and destroy like an ace.
 In the obliter-tainment game, Bay's simply better than that -- and on this form, he may be better than anyone.
 The good news is that this is the purest, most unfiltered explosion of Bayhem since Bad Boys 2
 Bay's visual sensibility has, if anything, matured, to the point of demanding and earning your exasperated surrender. He has a peerless command of the imaginative excesses of the Hollywood blockbuster.
 For the first time, the messy hyperactive form and nihilistic crunched-metal content seem to reinforce each other.
 What a fine, funny, family-friendly film The Emoji Movie is.
 If I'm not dreaming, I've just seen one of the boldest mainstream American movies in ages.
 Characters nothing original and an argument that only takes advantage of the fashion of communication by gestures, to do something banal and superfluous. 
 In its tv animation of the 80s and its incongruities of style, perhaps reflects the strange present that we are living better than Pixar and its first level competitors. 
 The animation is candy-colorful, the pop-music soundtrack is catchy and the dopey puns almost pass for wit. On the whole, there are worse ways to waste 86 minutes.
 Occasionally it's as if The Lego Movie is reaching out a long, friendly arm to Inside Out and falling into the chasm between. But the film is inventive too.
 As animated children's films go, this one's pretty okay.
 Positive messages, but colorful adventure is only "meh." 
 The small-scale achievements in this film are a model worthy of admiration; In terms of the balance that can be achieved between creativity and commercialization in a production that seeks to generate family entertainment. 
 "The Emoji Movie" won't win any prizes for animation, but at least it's an adventurous idea that will appeal to a variety of people. 
